SOURCE: https://help.kajabi.com/articles/website/pages/how-to-add-a-website-widget-to-your-page
FETCHED: 2026-09-26T22:45:16.734Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
Documentation Index

Fetch the complete documentation index at: /llms.txt

Use this file to discover all available pages before exploring further.

Skip to main content
Kajabi home page
English
Search...
⌘K
Dashboard
Start Free Trial
Documentation
Guides
API Reference
Video Library
Home
ABCs of Kajabi
Assemble and Offer
Build Your Brand
Connect and Automate
Cofounder
Cofounder overview
Cofounder + MCP: Draft resources and edit Themes
Cofounder FAQs and limitations
Use Cofounder before signing up for Kajabi
Use the Kajabi Cofounder app on mobile
Amplify
Amplify overview
Set up Amplify
Set Location & Language preferences in Amplify
Amplify promotions
Amplify rewards
Account Settings
Billing
My Kajabi
Notifications
Users
Products
Kajabi Products overview
Backstage
Coaching
Community
Courses
Downloads
Expert Agents
Newsletters
Podcasts
Sales
Kajabi Payments
Checkout
Offers and Pricing
Affiliates
Coupons
Website
Pages
Getting started
Standard pages
Page sections
Content blocks
Site navigation
Lead capture
Visual styling
Media assets
Site templates
Page settings
Code & integrations
Add custom code to pages
Add an Instagram Feed to a page
Do you allow in-app code embedding to integrate with other systems?
Access the code editor
Add a ManyChat widget to a website
Add a website widget to a page
Add Facebook comments to a page
Collect reviews on a Kajabi site
Embed a third-party audio player to a page
Install an add to calendar button to a page
Sell physical products on Kajabi with Shopify buy buttons
Use YouTube Live on a page
Website widgets available in the Kajabi Page Builder
Common questions
Premier (Legacy)
Domains
Blog
Navigation
Marketing
Email Campaigns
Automations
Universal Inbox
Funnels
Events
Forms
Creator Studio
Contacts
Explore the Contacts tab
Contacts
Customers
Subscribers
Create Manage And Share Assessments
Analytics
Analytics
Reports
Media Library
Media Library overview
Kajabi Transcripts, Translations, and Dubbing
Mobile Apps
Branded App
Kajabi App
Kajabi Creator App
API & Integrations
Analytics Integrations
Creator.io
Email Integrations
MCP
Payment Integrations
Public API
Webhooks
Zapier
Resources
Kajabi Partner Program
Kajabi Templates
Resources
Support
On this page
What is a website widget?
Which types of widgets can I add?
Does it cost extra to add a website widget?
Add a website widget to a page
Customizing your widget
Upgrade your widget tier
Edit a widget
Delete a widget
Troubleshooting
FAQ
How many widgets can I add?
Can I customize my widget?
Will my widget work on mobile devices?
Can I track analytics from my widget?
Code & integrations
Add a website widget to a page

Learn how to enhance the functionality of your website pages and landing pages by adding website widgets in the Page Builder.

This feature is available via licensed 3rd party integration with Common Ninja. Your first widget is free, additional widgets are subject to an additional cost.
​
What is a website widget?
Website widgets enable you to quickly and easily add a large variety of functionality to your online pages to increase user engagement. No code required.
This powerful tool is now conveniently integrated into the Kajabi Page Builder, allowing you to add features and functionality to your website pages and landing pages in as little as a few clicks.
​
Which types of widgets can I add?
Enjoy an extensive collection of customizable, mobile-friendly widgets, including but not limited to the following website widgets:
View a description of each widget.
​
Does it cost extra to add a website widget?
Kajabi is not applying the page view limits for our Heroes at any tier.
Website widgets are an add-on to your base Kajabi plan fee.
The website widget Free tier allows you to add 1 website widget to 1 page in your Kajabi account free of any extra cost (i.e. if you have multiple sites in your account, you’ll only be able to add a widget to 1 page of 1 site for free).
Adding more than 1 website widget in your Kajabi account will be subject to an additional cost outside of your base plan fee. Multiple paid tier levels are available for you to choose from so you can pick the add-on plan that best fits your business:
Learn how to upgrade your widget tier.
​
Add a website widget to a page
Note:
If you’re adding a widget to a pre-existing page, you may need to update your page template in order to add your widget. Click the “Update” button to the right of your website template name or landing page name to update your template. If you create a new page, your page will automatically have the latest template version.
To add a widget to a website page or landing page in Kajabi:
Open your page in the Page Builder for editing.
Click + Add Section in the left sidebar editor to add your widget in a new page section. Or, click to open any existing page section in the editor and click + Add Content.
Click the Custom widgets tile at the top of the options menu. Or, scroll down and select the “Custom Widget” regular menu tile.
A modal popup containing a widget library will appear.
Hover over each widget name in the menu to see a preview and description of the widget. You can also search for a specific type of widget using the search bar.
Click on the name of the widget you want to add to your page. The widget will open in a popup widget editor for customization:
​
Customizing your widget
Next, customize your widget as desired in the widget editor. Click the tabs on the left sidebar of the editor to view all of the customization options available for your widget.
Note:
Customization options will vary for each type of widget. The options you see in the widget editor may look different than the options for the Animated Number Counter widget displayed in the screenshot examples below.
On the widget editor “Content” tab, update content elements like text and images:
On the “Look and Feel” tab, customize visual elements like colors and fonts:
On the “Settings” tab, adjust your content and formatting settings as desired:
Use the “Integration” tab to connect your widget to a data source to display live data:
When you’re done customizing, click Preview at the top right of the widget editor to view a preview of your widget.
Click X at the top right corner of the preview window to return to the widget editor.
If everything looks good, click Save Changes at the top right of the widget editor. A preview of the widget will be added to your page section in the Page Builder (if you added your widget in a new section, it will appear at the bottom of your page.)
Important: You must next click Save at the top right of the Page Builder to save and apply your changes to the page.
Adding the “Back to Top Button” or the “WhatsApp Chat” widget? Widgets like these will appear at the bottom right corner of your page. In order to add these widgets without affecting the spacing of other page content, we recommend placing the widget block at the bottom of your page and adjusting the block padding (inside spacing) to zero. Learn to adjust your block layout.
​
Upgrade your widget tier
Ready to add more widgets? You can conveniently upgrade your widget tier from inside the widget library.
To upgrade to a paid tier:
Open any website or landing page in the Page Builder. (Note: If you’re using a pre-existing page, make sure your page is updated to the latest template version or you might not see the widget feature).
Click + Add Section in the left sidebar editor.
Click the Custom widgets tile at the top of the options menu.
A modal popup containing a widget library will appear.
Click View plans at the top right of the widget library.
Select the tier level you want to upgrade to and click Get started:
You’ll be directed to a page in your Kajabi Billing Settings where you can review and confirm your subscription changes.
Make sure to click Confirm to complete the upgrade:
Note:
When you sign up for a website widget paid tier add-on, the add-on fee will be prorated to match your current Kajabi plan billing cycle. If you’re on a monthly Kajabi subscription plan you’ll only have the option to select a monthly website widget add-on fee, and if you’re on an annual subscription plan you’ll only have the option to select an annual widget add-on fee.
Upgrade your widget tier level any time either inside the widget library, or in the Add-ons section of your Kajabi Billing Settings (Settings > Billing). To downgrade your widget tier level, contact support.
​
Edit a widget
To edit a widget you’ve added to a page:
Open your page in the Page Builder for editing.
Click to open the widget in the sidebar editor.
Then, click Edit widget. The widget will open in a popup widget editor for customization.
Edit your widget as desired in the widget editor.
When you’re done editing, click Preview at the top right of the widget editor to view a preview of your widget.
Click X at the top right corner of the preview window to return to the widget editor.
If everything looks good, click Save Changes at the top right of the widget editor. Your changes will automatically appear in both the Page Builder and on your live page. You don’t need to click “Save” again in the Page Builder when editing an existing widget:
Note:
Widget blocks cannot be duplicated in the Page Builder. If you duplicate a page section containing a widget block, the widget block will not be duplicated. If you duplicate an entire page with a widget block, only an empty placeholder widget block will be added to the copied page. However, you can manually recreate your widget on the new page if desired.
​
Delete a widget
To remove a widget you’ve added to a page:
Open your page in the Page Builder for editing.
Click to open the widget in the sidebar editor.
Scroll to the bottom of the sidebar editor and click Delete This Block. (Note: If you added your widget inside a Custom Widget page section and you also wish to delete that section from your page, click Delete This Section.)
Important: You must next click Save at the top right of the Page Builder to save and apply your changes to the page:
​
Troubleshooting
Encountering an error with a widget? If you see an error message while trying to add or edit a widget in the Page Builder, try refreshing your browser tab.
If you still see the error message after refreshing your browser, contact support for further assistance.
​
FAQ
​
How many widgets can I add?
The number of website widgets you can add in your Kajabi account will depend on which add-on plan tier you choose.
​
Can I customize my widget?
Yes. The customization options will differ for each type of widget, but most widgets will allow you to adjust certain aspects of their appearance and functionality to fit your specific needs.
​
Will my widget work on mobile devices?
Yes, website widgets are mobile-friendly and will adjust to mobile device dimensions.
​
Can I track analytics from my widget?
Yes, you’ll be able to view your widget analytics in the page analytics dashboard for your page. If you have a Google Analytics integration set up for your page and you turn on Google Analytics for the widget, you can also view your widget events in Google Analytics.

Was this page helpful?

Yes
No
Add a ManyChat widget to a website
Previous
Add Facebook comments to a page
Next
Kajabi home page

Company

About
Careers
Partner Program

Resources

Videos & Webinars
Kajabi University
Hire a Kajabi Expert
Feedback
Status

Legal

Policy Center
Privacy Notice
Income Disclaimer
Your Privacy Choices
