SOURCE: https://help.kajabi.com/articles/account-settings/billing/how-to-pause-your-kajabi-subscription
FETCHED: 2026-09-26T22:15:55.981Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
Documentation Index

Fetch the complete documentation index at: /llms.txt

Use this file to discover all available pages before exploring further.

Skip to main content
Kajabi home page
English
Search...
Ctrl K
Dashboard
Start Free Trial
Documentation
Guides
API Reference
Video Library
Home
ABCs of Kajabi
Assemble and Offer
Build Your Brand
Connect and Automate
Cofounder
Cofounder overview
Cofounder + MCP: Draft resources and edit Themes
Cofounder FAQs and limitations
Use Cofounder before signing up for Kajabi
Use the Kajabi Cofounder app on mobile
Amplify
Amplify overview
Set up Amplify
Set Location & Language preferences in Amplify
Amplify promotions
Amplify rewards
Account Settings
Billing
Manage subscription
Update billing details
View Kajabi invoices
Pay an overdue balance
Cancel a Kajabi account
Pause a Kajabi subscription
Reactivate a Kajabi account
AI Credits
Manage services and customer payments after account cancellation
Kajabi subscription tax FAQs
Kajabi trial information
Permanently delete a Kajabi account
Manage subscriptions and refunds as a course member
Resolve unexpected charges or duplicate invoices during a trial
Understand the $149 hold during a free trial
My Kajabi
Notifications
Users
Products
Kajabi Products overview
Backstage
Coaching
Community
Courses
Downloads
Expert Agents
Newsletters
Podcasts
Sales
Kajabi Payments
Checkout
Offers and Pricing
Affiliates
Coupons
Website
Pages
Domains
Blog
Navigation
Marketing
Email Campaigns
Automations
Universal Inbox
Funnels
Events
Forms
Creator Studio
Contacts
Explore the Contacts tab
Contacts
Customers
Subscribers
Create Manage And Share Assessments
Analytics
Analytics
Reports
Media Library
Media Library overview
Kajabi Transcripts, Translations, and Dubbing
Mobile Apps
Branded App
Kajabi App
Kajabi Creator App
API & Integrations
Analytics Integrations
Creator.io
Email Integrations
MCP
Payment Integrations
Public API
Webhooks
Zapier
Resources
Kajabi Partner Program
Kajabi Templates
Resources
Support
On this page
Parked accounts
Customer access while parked
Cost of parking an account
Partner commission and parked accounts
Accessing content in a parked account
Update payment processors while on a Parked Plan
Park an account
Reactivate a parked account
Billing
Pause a Kajabi subscription

Park a Kajabi account to take a break while preserving data and progress.

If you need some time away from Kajabi, but still want to scale your business in the future, you can park (pause) your Kajabi account without canceling your subscription, and then reactivate it when you’re ready to return.
​
Parked accounts
Parking your account preserves all your data, content, and site progress. Everything stays intact until you’re ready to reactivate.
Before parking, make any adjustments to product quantities or configurations, since those changes can’t be made while the account is paused. While parked, you can still reactivate your account, change your Kajabi plan, and update billing information.
While your account is parked, you can still reactivate, change your Kajabi plan, and update your billing information.
Note: While parked, you won’t be able to build, customize, or make changes to your site.
​
Customer access while parked
Parking your Kajabi account pauses your site, which will appear offline and remain inaccessible to your contacts and customers. This includes products purchased by your customers.
Customers of your parked account will not have access to products purchased from your site while your account is parked.
Note: Subscription payments will continue to process while your account is parked. To avoid charging customers for a product they can’t access, manually pause their subscriptions before parking. Upon reactivation, remember to unpause those subscriptions so customers regain access without disruption.

Learn how to pause a customer subscription.
​
Cost of parking an account
A Parked Plan costs $29/month plus applicable taxes. Any Kajabi discounts on your account will be canceled, and any legacy plans will be permanently forfeited. If you reactivate, you’ll need to subscribe to a current standard plan.
​
Partner commission and parked accounts
Parking preserves your Kajabi Partner status, unlike canceling. You’ll continue earning commission on referrals with active, paid base plans during the time your account is parked. Referrals on a parked plan are not considered active and do not generate commission.

Learn more in the Kajabi Partner Program FAQs.
Learn more about the Kajabi Partner Program.
​
Accessing content in a parked account
You’ll need to upgrade to an active Kajabi plan to regain full access to your site and content. Before parking, make sure any necessary adjustments are completed, such as preparing to downgrade product offerings to fit a lower-tier plan.
​
Update payment processors while on a Parked Plan
How you update your payment processor depends on which one you use:
Stripe or PayPal: Update your payment settings directly in your Stripe or PayPal account. No plan upgrade needed.
Kajabi Payments: You’ll need to upgrade to a paid Kajabi plan to access payment settings in the admin.
Once your changes are complete, you can downgrade back to the Parked Plan. The cost difference is non-refundable, but any remaining balance will be applied as account credits toward future billing.
​
Park an account
From the Dashboard, open Settings from in the bottom left corner.
Select Subscription & Billing under the Account settings section.
Under Your subscription, click Change plan.
Scroll to the bottom of the page and look for Need to pause your Kajabi account?
Click Park account.
Note: If you are unable to see the park option in your plan details, contact support for assistance.
​
Reactivate a parked account
To reactivate your parked account and resume building your business with Kajabi:
From the Dashboard, open Settings.
Select Subscription & Billing under the Account settings section.
Under Your subscription, select a subscription plan.
Note: Parking your account cancels your current subscription plan. If you’re on an annual plan, any remaining months are forfeited and you’ll start a new plan upon reactivation. To minimize lost time, park closer to the end of your billing cycle. If you have an active promo or legacy plan, pause before it expires to retain those benefits.

Was this page helpful?

Yes
No
Cancel a Kajabi account
Previous
Reactivate a Kajabi account
Next
Kajabi home page

Company

About
Careers
Partner Program

Resources

Videos & Webinars
Kajabi University
Hire a Kajabi Expert
Feedback
Status

Legal

Policy Center
Privacy Notice
Income Disclaimer
Your Privacy Choices
