SOURCE: https://help.kajabi.com/articles/mobile-apps/branded-app/how-do-i-get-started-creating-my-own-branded-app
FETCHED: 2026-09-26T22:45:17.621Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
Documentation Index

Fetch the complete documentation index at: /llms.txt

Use this file to discover all available pages before exploring further.

Skip to main content
Kajabi home page
English
Search...
⌘K
Dashboard
Start Free Trial
Documentation
Guides
API Reference
Video Library
Home
ABCs of Kajabi
Assemble and Offer
Build Your Brand
Connect and Automate
Cofounder
Cofounder overview
Cofounder + MCP: Draft resources and edit Themes
Cofounder FAQs and limitations
Use Cofounder before signing up for Kajabi
Use the Kajabi Cofounder app on mobile
Amplify
Amplify overview
Set up Amplify
Set Location & Language preferences in Amplify
Amplify promotions
Amplify rewards
Account Settings
Billing
My Kajabi
Notifications
Users
Products
Kajabi Products overview
Backstage
Coaching
Community
Courses
Downloads
Expert Agents
Newsletters
Podcasts
Sales
Kajabi Payments
Checkout
Offers and Pricing
Affiliates
Coupons
Website
Pages
Domains
Blog
Navigation
Marketing
Email Campaigns
Automations
Universal Inbox
Funnels
Events
Forms
Creator Studio
Contacts
Explore the Contacts tab
Contacts
Customers
Subscribers
Create Manage And Share Assessments
Analytics
Analytics
Reports
Media Library
Media Library overview
Kajabi Transcripts, Translations, and Dubbing
Mobile Apps
Branded App
Kajabi Mobile App vs. Branded Mobile App
Access Community from a Branded App
Additional steps to change Google Cloud IAP Policy
Additional verification for the Google Play Console
Android app transfer process
Answer Google's closed beta questionnaire
Apply for Apple and Google's 15% commission programs
Best practices for launching a Branded App
Branded Mobile App naming guidelines
Branded Mobile App resources
Enter trader status and contact info in App Store Connect
Examples of good and bad Branded Mobile App logos
Google photo and video permissions declaration instructions
Get started creating a Branded App
Accept the closed testing invite and install the app
Add an onboarding carousel to a Branded App
Add app reviewer notes for Apple
Add custom links to a Branded App
Add external purchase links to a Branded App
Add Kajabi as an admin to Google Play Console and Google Cloud Console
Complete the iOS app transfer process
Create a Branded Mobile App icon
Create a Google API key for a Branded Mobile App
Create a Google Developer account
Create an Apple Developer account and join the Apple Developer Program
Create App Offers for a Branded App
Create Branded App push notifications
Create custom screens for a Branded Mobile App
Create a first paid Apple App Offer for approval
Customize widgets on Branded App screens
Customize a Branded App
Edit app store listings
Publish a Branded App to the Apple App Store
Publish a Branded App to the closed testing track in Google Play Store
Publish a Branded App to the Google Play Store
Redirect users to download an app from the app store
Set up a Branded App welcome screen
Set up a merchant account for Google in-app purchases
Set up banking and tax info with Apple
Set up a D-U-N-S number for a Branded App
Update Branded App brand assets or terms and privacy links
Update a Branded App in the Apple App Store and Google Play Store
Update Branded App screenshots
Use the paywall feature in a Branded App
Use Variants to personalize pages in a Branded App
Verify a Google Developer account
Verify a website for Google Play Console
Write and update an App Store description for a Branded Mobile App
Kajabi Branded App FAQs
Kajabi Branded App overview
Manage refunds for in-app purchases
Manual vs. automatic updates in the Branded App
Update the target API level for a Branded App
Use universal links (deep links) in a Branded App
Prevent or resolve a Branded App rejection from the App Store or Google Play
Address a Google Play Console termination warning
Select Branded App data privacy options for Apple App Store
Select Branded App data types and data safety for Google Play Store
Update Kajabi settings for an iOS app transfer
Branded Mobile App community updates
Kajabi App
Kajabi Creator App
API & Integrations
Analytics Integrations
Creator.io
Email Integrations
MCP
Payment Integrations
Public API
Webhooks
Zapier
Resources
Kajabi Partner Program
Kajabi Templates
Resources
Support
On this page
Add an app to the subscription plan
Book the onboarding call
FAQs
Will the app add-on subscription be prorated?
What if I want to cancel the app add-on?
Can I switch the Kajabi base plan if I have an app add-on?
What if I have an app add-on and I want to park the plan?
Branded App
Get started creating a Branded App

Set up a Branded App subscription and begin the onboarding process with Kajabi.

Branded Apps are white-labeled mobile apps customized with your own branding, built and maintained for you by Kajabi. Instead of directing members to download the Kajabi app, they can download the app by searching for your name in the app store. Brand the app with your own logo and color, and increase customer engagement with on-demand push notifications.
​
Add an app to the subscription plan
To get started creating a Branded App, you’ll first need to add a Branded App to the Kajabi subscription plan. You can add a Branded App featuring Courses, Coaching Programs, Podcasts, and Kajabi Community for an additional $199/month above the base plan cost.
Note: If you have multiple sites in the Kajabi account, the Branded App will be attached to the site you are on when you confirm the add-on. Make sure you go to the desired site for the app before confirming subscription changes.
To add a Branded App to the plan:
From the Dashboard, select Branded Mobile App.
Click Get Started:
On the next screen, you’ll be able to interact with the App Builder. You can select a template to start with by clicking Start with this design or click Start with blank:
After working with the App Builder and saving progress, you’ll be taken to a screen with 5 onboarding steps:
Design the app (the App Builder you were just interacting with).
App name & logo.
Developer accounts.
Create an Apple developer account (Learn how).
Create a Google developer account (Learn how).
Add Kajabi as an Admin to the Google Play Console and Google Cloud Console (Learn how).
Start your plan.
Book a call.
Note: You must complete the first 4 steps, including starting the Branded Mobile App plan, in order to book a call.
Once you are ready to add the Branded Mobile App to the Kajabi subscription, click on Start your plan.
On the next screen, review the changes to your subscription and billing.
Click Confirm to approve the changes:
​
Book the onboarding call
Once you have completed the first 4 onboarding steps, you will unlock the ability to book an onboarding call with Kajabi Support.
On this call, we will review accounts to make sure we have everything needed to start building apps directly in the developer accounts. Once apps are live, you will be notified by the team.
After the app is live, the Branded App tab in the Kajabi account will be updated. You can set up the welcome screen, add an onboarding carousel, customize the home screen, add custom links, and/or update app settings on the Branded App Design page.
​
FAQs
​
Will the app add-on subscription be prorated?
If you’re on a monthly Kajabi base plan subscription, you’ll be charged a prorated amount for the remaining time left in the current billing cycle when you sign up for the app add-on.
If you’re on an annual Kajabi base plan, the app will be added on as a monthly subscription and the billing month for the app will begin right away (the base plan billing cycle will not be affected).
​
What if I want to cancel the app add-on?
You can cancel the Branded App subscription at any time. From the Dashboard, go to Settings. Under Account settings, click Subscription & Billing, then the Paid Extras page. If you have any questions or need assistance, please contact bma.support@kajabi.com.
​
Can I switch the Kajabi base plan if I have an app add-on?
You can still change the base plan in the Kajabi Billing Settings.
​
What if I have an app add-on and I want to park the plan?
If you choose to park the Kajabi base plan, the Branded App add-on will be canceled. To park the Kajabi plan and cancel the Branded App add-on, please contact bma.support@kajabi.com.

Was this page helpful?

Yes
No
Google photo and video permissions declaration instructions
Previous
Accept the closed testing invite and install the app
Next
Kajabi home page

Company

About
Careers
Partner Program

Resources

Videos & Webinars
Kajabi University
Hire a Kajabi Expert
Feedback
Status

Legal

Policy Center
Privacy Notice
Income Disclaimer
Your Privacy Choices
