SOURCE: https://www.klaviyo.com/pricing
FETCHED: 2026-09-26T22:11:35.392Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
METHOD: Clicked the "Marketing" pricing tab (default calculator state, Email slider at 500 active profiles); saved document.body.innerText, then clicked each of the 17 FAQ questions open and appended each question's row text.
----
___
Skip to main content
Platform
Apps & Integrations
Resources
What’s New
Pricing
Log in
Sign up
Get a demo
Home/Pricing
Klaviyo pricing:
Build your plan

Scale as you grow with flexible pricing across marketing, service, and data products and features. Email marketing comes standard with every plan.

Platform
GET STARTED
Free
SOLUTIONS PRICING
Marketing
Data + Analytics
Service
30% OFF
AI AGENTS
Composer
Customer Agent
30% OFF
TALK TO SALES
Professional Services
Enterprise
Marketing

Build smarter campaigns with email, text, WhatsApp, Customer Hub, social, reviews, and agents that drive engagement and revenue.

Limited time: $19 off your first month of Klaviyo Email (500 profiles only). See Full Terms

Email
INCLUDED

Reach your customers with personalized email campaigns and automated flows.

Active profiles
500
$20
$19 OFF
$1
5,000 emails/month
What's included
Composer

Create, analyze, and automate more with Composer.

Add to plan
$20month
What's included

Additional Composer usage can be purchased in $10 increments.

Mobile messages

Calculate your messaging costs based on volume and destination.

Add to plan
SMS messages
United States - Toll free

$0.01 + carrier fees* per send

MMS messages
United States - Toll free

$0.00 + carrier fees* per send

WhatsApp marketing
United Kingdom

$0.00 + carrier fees* per send

WhatsApp transactional
United Kingdom

$0.00 + carrier fees* per send

Basic RCS
United States

$0.00 + carrier fees* per send

Single RCS
United States

$0.00 + carrier fees* per send

Monthly cost
$40.00

*Price includes carrier fees where applicable. Learn more.

Special introductory pricing for Customer Hub through 09/30/2026

FREE 30-DAY TRIAL
Customer Hub

A personalized destination on your site where customers can self serve and find offers.

Add to plan
active profiles
500

Email, Personalization, and Social marketing are also based on active profiles. Moving this slider will affect those prices as well.

$30
30% OFF
$20
What's included

Special introductory pricing for Social Marketing through 09/30/2026

Social marketing

Turn your social engagement into customer growth.

Add to plan
active profiles
10,000

Email, Customer Hub, and Personalization are also based on active profiles. Moving this slider will affect those prices as well.

$50
25% OFF
$38
What's included
Reviews

Collect and display product reviews to build trust and drive conversions.

Add to plan
orders per month
250
$25
What's included
Compare free vs. paid marketing plans
Feature	Free	Paid
Unified, lifetime profiles	Up to 250 active profiles	

Real-time segments	
	

Email messaging	Up to 500 sends/month	

✦
Composer	$5 of usage/month	

Mobile messaging	$5/month	

Social auto-replies	
	

Mobile app marketing	
	

Web forms	
	

Email and flow templates	
	

✦
Personalized product recommendations	
	

Reports and dashboards	
	

Connect data from 350+ integrations	
	

✦
Peer group benchmarks	
	

Email support	First 60 days	

Learning and resources: Klaviyo Community, Help Center, and Academy	
	

Klaviyo logo removed from emails	
	

✦
Generative AI for segments, content, flows, and images	
	

✦
Predictive analytics	
	
$1
🇺🇸
USD

per month

Estimated total price

Email
$1

Included in every plan

Standard support
Included
Total estimated
$1.00
Get started
Frequently asked questions
Do you offer a free tier?
Is Klaviyo worth the price?
What are carrier fees?
What happens if my active profiles count grows beyond my current plan?
How do I pay?
What kind of support do I receive with Klaviyo?
What happens if I need to send a higher volume of emails/SMS than my current plan allows?
What is a profile?
How do I change my plan?
What is a short code and when do I need one?
What can I do with Composer?
How much does Composer cost?
Is there a free version of Composer?
How does Composer usage work?
What happens when I use all my credits?
Do unused credits roll over?
Why use Composer instead of a general-purpose AI tool?
COMPANY
About Klaviyo
Newsroom
Investor relations
Contact us
Careers
KLAVIYO FOR
Enterprise
Agency and tech partners
Developers
Retail and ecommerce
Restaurant marketing
Wellness
PLATFORM
B2C CRM overview
Klaviyo AI (K:AI)
Klaviyo Marketing
Klaviyo Service
Klaviyo Analytics
Klaviyo Data Platform
Klaviyo and GDPR
WHY KLAVIYO
Klaviyo vs. Klaviyo alternatives
Klaviyo vs. Mailchimp
Klaviyo vs. Postscript
Klaviyo vs. Attentive
Klaviyo vs. Salesforce
Klaviyo vs. Listrak
CHANNELS
Omnichannel marketing
Email marketing
SMS marketing
RCS for Business
Mobile app marketing
WhatsApp marketing
Social marketing
TOOLS + RESOURCES
Marketing resources
AI prompt library
Marketing campaign calendar
Marketing glossary
Subject line generator
ROI calculator
Case studies
TOP PRODUCTS + FEATURES
Composer
PREVIEW
Customer Agent
Customer Hub
Helpdesk
Personalization
Advanced Klaviyo Data Platform
Web forms
Email templates
EXPLORE MORE
Portfolio
Apps and Integrations
Features
What's new
Events
Help Center
Academy
Community
United States - EN
The B2C CRM
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Instagram
Google
Copyright © 2026 Klaviyo. All rights reserved.
Site Map
Terms and Privacy
Security
Trust
Intellectual Property Notices
Cookie Settings
Your Privacy Preferences

==== FAQ ANSWERS (each question clicked open, its row text saved) ====

Do you offer a free tier?
We do offer a free tier. You can create an account, import and sync your data, customize templates and emails, and use many of Klaviyo's features for free. You can send 500 emails maximum to up to 250 contacts. You also get $5 of mobile messages a month. You'll be prompted to upgrade once you exceed that limit.

Is Klaviyo worth the price?
Yes, absolutely. While many tools can send emails or SMS, Klaviyo stands out as the first and only B2C CRM that helps you build deeper connections with your customers and drive lifetime value. We integrate all the data your customers generate and use AI and intuitive no-code tools to deliver the right message, at the right time, on the right channel – across every stage of the customer journey.

What are carrier fees?
Carrier fees, fees charged by mobile carriers to deliver messages, are built into the rate you see—so the price you plan and budget against is closer to your total cost. This helps reduce surprise invoice line items and makes your spend easier to forecast. Learn more about carrier fees and how mobile pricing works.

What happens if my active profiles count grows beyond my current plan?
As your active profile count grows, you will automatically move to a profile-compliant plan. We recommend following Klaviyo’s guidance on which profiles to suppress so that you aren’t paying for profiles that are no longer providing value.

How do I pay?
We accept all major credit cards, and you can enter or update your payment details on your account page at any time.

What kind of support do I receive with Klaviyo?
"We offer a variety of support options to help you get started and scale with our products. Step-by-step onboarding to our products and features · The Klaviyo Community where you can ask questions and learn from other Klaviyo customers · Klaviyo Academy for courses and certifications · Chat, where you can engage with our support team through the website · Growth success team for strategic questions · Agency partners to help with onboarding, strategy and implementation"

What happens if I need to send a higher volume of emails/SMS than my current plan allows?
Don’t worry. If you need more messages than your plan allows for, you have the option to upgrade your plan. You can upgrade manually or select the option to automatically upgrade to the next plan as your sending volume grows. You can upgrade email and SMS channels independently.

What is a profile?
A profile is a unique individual in your Klaviyo account. Profiles can be customers, leads or anyone who has interacted with your brand. Each profile contains information like email address, purchase history and engagement data that helps you personalise your marketing.

How do I change my plan?
You can manage your account from your account page.

What is a short code and when do I need one?
A short code is a 4–6 digit phone number that businesses use to deliver text messages to their customers. Short codes have a higher throughput than toll-free numbers, so if your business needs to send SMS messages to more than 95,000 people per month, we recommend upgrading from a complimentary toll-free number to a short code. Once you have reached the recommended sending volume, Klaviyo will get in touch to help you secure a dedicated short code for your business. If you want a short code before reaching 95,000 people, you can request a short code and begin using it as soon as the application has been approved by mobile network providers. The short code will come at an additional cost. Some brands choose to start sending from a short code immediately to prevent having to change the number that customers receive their texts from when migrating from a toll-free number to a short code.

What can I do with Composer?
Composer helps you analyze, create, and optimize your marketing in Klaviyo. Use it to uncover opportunities, analyze campaigns, flows, segments, and forms, create on-brand campaigns across channels, build flows, catch issues before they impact performance, and automate recurring marketing work.

How much does Composer cost?
Composer is available for $20/month which includes everything in a Free plan with 4X more usage and the full set of Composer capabilities. If you need more, you can purchase more capacity via our Flexible Overage feature on your Billing Preferences tab. Learn more about Composer credits and usage estimates

Is there a free version of Composer?
Yes. You can use Composer for free with a limited amount of capacity. This capacity resets each month, so you can try Composer before upgrading to the paid plan.

How does Composer usage work?
Every plan has a usage limit that resets monthly, with a maximum usage limit based on credits. Your Composer usage can vary based on the type and complexity of the work Composer performs. You can track your usage in the Billing tab.

What happens when I use all my credits?
If you reach your plan's included usage for the month, Flex lets you keep using Composer by billing additional usage as you go, at $10 per 1,000 credits. If you'd rather not use additional capacity, you can set your upgrade preference to None on your Billing Preferences tab—Composer will pause until your usage resets at the start of your next billing period. You can check your usage and any charges in Klaviyo at any time.

Do unused credits roll over?
No. Your plan's included usage resets at the start of each billing period, and anything unused does not carry over to the next month.

(could not expand FAQ 16: locator.click: Timeout 3000ms exceeded.)
