SOURCE: https://help.klaviyo.com/hc/en-us/articles/115005246968
FETCHED: 2026-09-26T22:43:56.959Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
___
Skip to main content
Help center
Academy
Community
Developers
Log in
Contact us
Sign up
Help center
/
Audience
/
Profiles
/
Getting started with profiles
Understanding active email profiles in Klaviyo
Estimated 3 minute read
|
Updated Jul 6, 2025, 8:00 PM EST
Table of contents
You will learn
What is an active profile?
Viewing a profile’s consent status
Profiles that never subscribed
Contacting active profiles
Additional resources
AI Overview

To understand active email profiles in Klaviyo, recognize that these profiles can be contacted through email marketing. Active profiles fall into two categories: Subscribers, who have explicitly consented to receive emails, and Profiles added by general engagement, who may not have opted in but provided their email during interactions like checkout. You can check a profile's consent status on their profile page, which indicates whether they can receive marketing emails. Always ensure you comply with local regulations when contacting these profiles.

Active email profiles can be contacted via campaigns and flows.
Check the consent status on the profile page for a green checkmark (subscribed), red indicator (unable to receive), or yellow checkmark (never subscribed).
Profiles with a Never Subscribed status can still receive certain emails, but exercise caution and ensure relevance.
When sending campaigns, target engaged profiles or subscribers to maintain deliverability and avoid spam complaints.
Use segments to filter recipients based on engagement or subscription status before sending emails.
Consider local email compliance laws and best practices for list cleaning when contacting active profiles.

This response is generated by AI which can make mistakes.

View more
You will learn

Learn about active email profiles, including how they differ from suppressed email profiles, and how you can contact the people represented by these profiles.

What is an active profile?

Any profile that can be emailed through Klaviyo is considered an active email profile. There are 2 main categories of active profiles:

Subscribers
Subscribers have filled out a sign-up form or otherwise explicitly consented to receive email marketing.
Profiles added by general engagement
It is possible for someone to share their email with you without explicitly consenting to ongoing email marketing. For example, someone who placed an order or abandoned a checkout on your site may have added their email address during the checkout process, but never explicitly opted in.

Ecommerce integrations like Shopify and WooCommerce can add both types of active profiles to Klaviyo, depending on the actions a visitor takes while on your site.

Viewing a profile’s consent status

To see if a profile is able to receive messages and has provided consent, navigate to their profile.

At the top of the Details tab of a profile page, you'll see the profile’s consent status and ability to receive messages by channel. The different statuses you may see are:

A green checkmark
This symbol indicates that the profile is able to receive marketing because they have subscribed for the corresponding channel and are not suppressed.
A red indicator
This symbol indicates that the profile is unable to receive marketing through the channel. This may be because they opted out of marketing, or they are suppressed for a different reason. Note that consent status and suppression status are separate from each other. For example, a profile that is subscribed can be manually suppressed.

A yellow checkmark
If there is a yellow checkmark next to a person’s email information, it means the profile has neither subscribed nor opted out of email marketing. They are able to receive emails (e.g., an abandoned cart flow email), but you should exercise caution when contacting them.

Profiles that never subscribed 

There are certain methods of adding a profile to Klaviyo that result in consent status of Never Subscribed (with a yellow checkmark). If a profile has Never Subscribed and is also not a member of any lists, they were likely added to Klaviyo due to general engagement with your brand.

For example, this can include profiles synced through certain third-party integrations, or customers that started a checkout without subscribing on your ecommerce platform.

These profiles may have “implicit consent” depending on your local regulations, meaning you may be permitted to email them. They are eligible for campaign and flow emails, but we recommend exercising caution when contacting them. Make sure you’re only sending them emails you know they’ll be interested in, like abandoned cart flow messages or follow-up information from a recent order. Additionally, use good list cleaning practices and consider each contact’s engagement when deciding whether to send to them.

For mobile marketing channels (e.g., SMS or push), profiles need to provide express consent in order to receive messages. Profiles with a status of Never Subscribed for SMS are not able to receive messages through the channel until they opt-in, and will have a red indicator instead of a yellow checkmark.

Contacting active profiles

It is possible to contact all active profiles in your account using both campaign and flow emails.

When sending campaigns, make sure you’re sending to engaged profiles or subscribers only, to avoid being marked as spam or hurting your deliverability.

If you use segments to send emails, make sure your segment requires either engagement (e.g., Opened email in the last 30 days), subscription (e.g., Person can receive email marketing because person subscribed), or both.

Both subscribers and profiles added through general engagement are eligible for certain flow emails. Some types of messaging, like abandoned cart flows, can serve as helpful reminders for recipients and are generally well received. However, keep in mind your local email compliance legislation and subscriber engagement. If needed, you can add the following flow filter to your flows to filter out profiles who haven’t explicitly opted in (i.e., general engagement profiles):

If someone can or cannot receive marketing > Person can receive email marketing > Because person subscribed.

Additional resources
Understanding suppressed email profiles

Learn about suppressed email profiles, including how they differ from active profiles and how you can use these profiles to better understand your audience.

How to create a never engaged segment

Learn how to identify your least engaged email subscribers, so you can avoid contacting them to improve and maintain your deliverability. Once you’ve identified them, consider excluding them from your marketing initiatives, sending them one final re-engagement attempt, or suppressing them during list cleaning. In this article, you will learn how to create this segment.

Understanding email deliverability

Learn about email deliverability, including the steps you can take to establish a strong sender reputation so that your emails are delivered to the inbox.

Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Use this form only for article feedback. Learn how to contact support.
Explore more from Klaviyo
COMMUNITY
Connect with peers, partners, and Klaviyo experts to find inspiration, share insights, and get answers to all of your questions.
Visit Community
PARTNERS
Hire a Klaviyo-certified expert to help you with a specific task, or for ongoing marketing management.
Hire a partner
SUPPORT

Access support through your account.

Email support (free trial and paid accounts) Available 24/7

Chat/virtual assistance
Availability varies by location and plan type

Log in
COMPANY
About Klaviyo
Newsroom
Investor relations
Contact us
Careers
KLAVIYO FOR
Enterprise
Agency and tech partners
Developers
Retail and ecommerce
Restaurant marketing
Wellness
PLATFORM
B2C CRM overview
Klaviyo AI (K:AI)
Klaviyo Marketing
Klaviyo Service
Klaviyo Analytics
Klaviyo Data Platform
WHY KLAVIYO
Klaviyo vs. Klaviyo alternatives
Klaviyo vs. Mailchimp
Klaviyo vs. Postscript
Klaviyo vs. Attentive
Klaviyo vs. Salesforce
Klaviyo vs. Listrak
CHANNELS
Omnichannel marketing
Email marketing
SMS marketing
RCS for Business
Mobile app marketing
WhatsApp marketing
Social marketing
TOOLS + RESOURCES
Marketing resources
Marketing campaign calendar
Marketing glossary
Subject line generator
ROI calculator
Case studies
TOP PRODUCTS + FEATURES
Composer
BETA
Marketing Agent
Customer Agent
Customer Hub
Helpdesk
Marketing Analytics
Advanced Klaviyo Data Platform
Web forms
Email templates
United States - EN
The B2C CRM
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Instagram
Google
Copyright © 2026 Klaviyo. All rights reserved.
Site Map
Terms and Privacy
Security
Trust
Intellectual Property Notices
Cookie Settings
Your Privacy Preferences
