SOURCE: https://mailchimp.com/help/about-your-contacts/
FETCHED: 2026-09-27T14:03:27.352Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
___
Skip to main content

Join Mailchimp with a free 14-day trial or save 15% off on 10,000+ contacts. Start today.

Industries and Solutions
Integrations
Resources
Pricing
Get a demo: +1 (855) 524-5664
Start Free Trial
Log In
Main Menu
In this article
Things to know
Types of contacts
Sort your audience by contact type

Get the job done with a pro

From training to full-service marketing, our community of partners can help you make things happen.

Hire A Partner
Help Center
Audiences
About Your Contacts
 Copy Article URL

The people whose information you store in your Mailchimp account are known as your contacts. A person’s contact type determines which marketing content they can receive, and whether they count toward your marketing plan's monthly contact limit.

In this article, you’ll learn more about the contact types in Mailchimp and where to view them.

Things to know

Here are some things to know.

If you have a legacy paid plan created before May 15, 2019, your account may be subject to different rules around contact limits. To learn more, read About Your Legacy Pricing Plan.
Laws in different jurisdictions could stop you from sending certain content, regardless of your pricing plan, our system's capabilities, or your contacts’ marketing status. We recommend you always establish a legal basis for the collection, storage, and use of your contacts' personal data.
Types of contacts

We categorize contacts based on their marketing status. A contact can have one of the following statuses on the Contact table: subscribed, unsubscribed, non-subscribed, cleaned, or pending. Pending contacts must confirm their opt-in before being added. Contacts can be archived or deleted. When you archive an email or SMS contact, you remove them from the contact table and add them to a separate archived contacts table.

Here's a list of the different contact types. We'll tell you which of them count toward your monthly plan limits and what kind of marketing content you can send them.

Subscribed
A subscribed contact, or subscriber, is someone who's opted in to receive your marketing content.
Subscribed contacts can join your audience from one of your signup forms, landing pages, or connected stores.
You can also manually add them one by one or with an import, as long as you’ve received explicit permission.
They’ll have a Subscribed badge in the Email Marketing or SMS Marketing columns of the contact table.

Counts toward monthly contact limit?: Yes
Can receive: Ads, marketing emails, marketing text messages, and transactional emails such as order notifications

Note

Marketing emails and SMS have separate subscription processes. A subscribed contact who’s opted in to receive email marketing would need to opt in for SMS marketing also.

Unsubscribed
An unsubscribed contact is someone who previously received your marketing content but has opted out.
They’ll have an Unsubscribed badge in the Email Marketing or SMS Marketing columns of the contact table.

Counts toward monthly contact limit?: Yes
Can receive: Ads, and transactional emails
Can't receive: Marketing emails, marketing text messages

Non-subscribed
A non-subscribed contact is someone who's interacted with you but hasn’t opted in to receive marketing content.
These contacts can be from your online store, an integration, a manual import, or from a forwarded email to your Mailchimp Inbox.
They won’t have a badge in the Email Marketing or SMS Marketing columns of the contact table.

Counts toward monthly contact limit?: Yes
Can receive: Ads, transactional emails
Can't receive: Marketing emails, marketing text messages

Cleaned
Hard bounces and repeated soft bounces become cleaned contacts.
A cleaned contact has a non-deliverable email address, which might be misspelled or invalid.
They’ll have a Cleaned badge in the Email Marketing column of the contact table.

Counts toward monthly contact limit?: No
Can receive: Nothing

Pending
A pending contact is someone who's completed a signup form but has not confirmed their opt-in.
The contact's email address won't be added to your audience until they confirm their opt-in, and you won't be able to view them in your audience.
After 60 days, if they haven't confirmed their opt-in, the contact's email address and any other information they provided will be removed and deleted.

Counts toward monthly contact limit?: No
Can receive: Nothing

Archived
An archived contact is someone who’s been removed from your audience.
As long as a contact remains archived, you won’t be able to edit their profile or send them any marketing communications.
However, you’ll retain all of their data, including identifiable information in email reports.

Counts toward monthly contact limit?: No
Can receive: Nothing

Deleted
A deleted contact is someone you permanently remove.
This removes all of their personal information from your audience. This action cannot be undone.
In most cases, if you have outdated or inactive subscribers that don’t interact with your marketing, you should choose to archive them.
Delete contacts for General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) purposes only.

Counts toward monthly contact limit?: No
Can receive: Nothing

Sort your audience by contact type

To view subscribed, unsubscribed, non-subscribed, or cleaned contacts, you’ll use the Email Marketing and SMS Marketing columns in the contact table.

Click Audience.
If you have more than 1 audience, click the Audience drop-down and choose the one you want to work with.
Locate the Email Marketing or SMS Marketing column in the contact table. You’ll see a badge that tells you a contacts marketing status.
Click the box labeled Email Marketing or SMS Marketing to sort your audience by contact type.

You can also create and save a segment for each contact type based on email or SMS marketing status.

View archived contacts

Archived contacts are stored separately from other contacts in your audience. To view your archived contacts, follow these steps.

Click Audience.
If you have more than 1 audience, click the Audience drop-down and choose the one you want to work with.
Click the Manage audience drop-down and choose View archived contacts.

We’ll display all of the archived contacts in your audience. Use this data to export your archived contacts, access their contact profile, or unarchive them.

Technical Support

Have a question?

Paid users can log in to access email and chat support.

Log In
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Anything else we can do to improve our site?
Submit Feedback
Related
About Contact Ratings

Learn how we come up with contact ratings for subscribers in your lists.

About Subscriber Engagement

Subscriber engagement is a key part of email marketing. Learn how to increase positive engagement and decrease negative engagement.

Remove Subscribers from Groups

Learn how to remove subscribers from groups, by using bulk actions or individually.

Related Links:

Discover the people behind your data
One Audience or Several? How to Organize Your Contacts to Optimize...
Cleaning Email Lists 101: Refreshing Address Lists
Products
Why Mailchimp?
Product Updates
Email Marketing
Transactional Email
How We Compare
GDPR Compliance
Security
Status
Mobile App
Resources
Marketing Library
Free Marketing Tools
Marketing Glossary
Integrations Directory
Community
Agencies & Freelancers
Developers
Events
Company
Our Story
Newsroom
Give Where You Live
Careers
Accessibility
Help
Contact Us
Hire an Expert
Help Center
Talk to Sales
This page is now available in other languages.
English
Español
Français
Português
Deutsch
Italiano

©2001-2026 All Rights Reserved. Mailchimp® is a registered trademark of The Rocket Science Group. Apple and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. Mac App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google Inc. Privacy | Terms | Legal | Cookie Preferences

Mailchimp uses cookies for our website to function properly; some are optional and help deliver a personalized and enhanced experience. You can consent to all or allow any level of cookies via “Customize Settings” and preferences can be changed at anytime. To learn more, read ourCookie Statement
Customize settings
Feedback
Chat with Sales
