SOURCE: https://woocommerce.com/refund-policy/
FETCHED: 2026-09-26T21:58:31.706Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
Skip to navigation
Skip to content
USD
Change site currency USD selected
English
Change site language English selected
Develop on Woo
Hire an expert
Get support
Sell
Click to show 12 more items
Extensions
Click to show 18 more items
Resources
Click to show 22 more items
Enterprise ecommerce
Log in
Get started
Refund Policy

We want to ensure that you are 100% happy with your purchase from the Woo Marketplace.

For technical or sales queries, please contact us.
If you have attempted to resolve issues with Support and still feel the product(s) you purchased do not best fit your requirements, we want to make things right.

When requesting a refund, we’d appreciate you taking a moment to let us know why. We’re always looking to improve, so please include details about the reason for your refund request.

Extensions and themes
WooPayments In-Person Payments card readers
Refund processing times
Requesting a refund
Extensions and themes

For extensions and themes purchased from our Marketplace, we offer a full refund within 30 days of your date of purchase. Here’s how to request a refund for an extension or theme.

WooPayments In-Person Payments card readers

We offer a 30-day refund policy for purchases of WooPayments In-Person Payments card readers — the M2 or WisePad 3. Please contact Support to start this process. Refunds will be applied to the original purchase method on file. 

Review our card reader return requirements.

Refund processing times

WooCommerce.com and our payment processor submit the refund immediately and make every attempt to process it as quickly as possible. Your financial institution can take up to 10 business days for the refund to appear in your bank account or on your card. Read more details on customer refund processing time.

The refund process depends on the product or service purchased from WooCommerce.com. Please note that products using the Billing API for SaaS Products are subject to the respective third-party’s refund policy.

Requesting a refund
Extensions and themes
WooPayments In-Person Payments Card Reader
Extensions and themes

To request a refund for an extension or theme subscription purchased from the WooCommerce.com Marketplace:

Go to your orders at WooCommerce.com > Orders.
Select the order number of the product you want to refund.
Use the vertical ellipsis icon (three dots) in the Actions column for the item you want to refund.
Note: The refund option via the ellipsis icon will only appear within the 30-day refund window.
Select the link to Request a refund; a form will appear.
Select a refund reason from the drop-down menu and add your reason for the refund request.
Use the Request refund button to submit the form.

An automated response confirming receipt is sent to the email address associated with your account. Often the refund will be processed immediately; if we need to review the request, we will be in touch with next steps.

WooCommerce.com single order view with Request a refund option showing.

WooPayments In-Person Payments card readers
Return requirements

M2 units and WisePad 3 units must be in their original packaging, and in good, original condition. You must return all products, cords, and cables, including parts and documentation that were included in the original packaging.

In order to begin the refund process, please take the following steps:

Locate the order number from your original order confirmation email or account dashboard.
Submit a Support request with the subject line “Return Card Reader“.
Once we’ve received your request, our Support team will respond and outline the next steps.

If you’re outside of the 30-day return policy, we will not accept returns or refunds on the card readers. However, we want to ensure that you have the best customer experience, and are happy to help you troubleshoot or work through any issue with your card reader.

30-day money-back guarantee
Support teams across the world
Safe and secure online payments
Sell
WooCommerce
WooCommerce pricing
Payments
No-code customization
Marketing
Checkout
Shipping
Mobile app
Enterprise ecommerce
Marketplace
WooCommerce extensions
WooCommerce themes
New
Essentials
Collections
Developed by Woo
Build
Woo for developers
Developer resources
Become a Woo agency
Become a Marketplace partner
Become an affiliate
Resources
Blog
Documentation
WooCommerce site examples
Product updates
Email newsletter
Support
Feature requests
WooCommerce hosting
Hire an agency
Participate in customer research
Accessibility
Support forums
Company
About
Press
Download WooCommerce free
Join the Woo community
Woo trademark guidelines
Brand and logo guidelines
Do not sell or share my personal information
WooCommerce Support Policy
Refund Policy
Contact us
Follow us on Facebook
Follow us on X
Follow us on Instagram
Follow us on LinkedIn
USD
Change site currency USD selected
English
Change site language English selected
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice for California Users

© WooCommerce, Inc. 2026

AN
AUTOMATTIC
PRODUCTION
Use of your personal data
We and our partners process your personal data (such as browsing data, IP Addresses, cookie information, and other unique identifiers) based on your consent and/or our legitimate interest to optimize our website, marketing activities, and your user experience.
Customize
Accept all
