SOURCE: https://help.activecampaign.com/hc/en-us/articles/115000919184-How-do-I-view-and-update-my-billing-information
FETCHED: 2026-09-27T02:21:12.125Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
Skip to main content
How can we help?
 

Stay informed about changes to the ActiveCampaign platform on our Release Updates page.

ActiveCampaign Help Center
Account, Billing, & Setup
Account Billing & Upgrade
 
How do I view and update my billing information?
Sarah N
Last updated September 6, 2026 at 1:33 PM
Follow
Not yet followed by anyone
 ActiveCampaign plans
Starter
Plus
Pro
Enterprise

If you are the Primary Account Admin or an Admin with purchase permissions, you can access the Billing & Upgrade page to update your billing information. Changing your billing information is easy and can be done at any time during your billing cycle.

View or update your billing information
Click your profile > Billing & Upgrade.
Click the "Edit payment method" option to the right of your payment method at the top right corner of the page.
Enter your updated billing information into the modal form.
Click the "Update" button.

The left side of the billing page contains the following information:

Plan Tier
Contact limit (if applicable)
Email send limits (if applicable)
SMS credits (if applicable)
Activities (if applicable)
Auto-upgrade controls (if applicable)

The right side of the billing page contains the following information:

Payment method
Billing Cadence (Annual, Monthly, or Commit annually pay monthly)
Next billing date
Next billing amount
Available credits (Credit amount available to your account to be used for charges such as recurring billing and upgrades. They are automatically applied toward your next payment)

If you have signed a contract, the billing cadence will show you the duration of your contract:

Related to:

Billing
Account Settings
Was this article helpful?
Yes No
62 out of 392 found this helpful

Have more questions? Get in touch

Start free trial
Related articles
How do I view past payments and invoices?
Basic troubleshooting steps for your ActiveCampaign account
About the login verification process
Use the ActiveCampaign WordPress plugin
Attaching files to campaigns
Can't find what you're looking for?
Let us help you right now!
Submit a request

We - and our partners - use cookies to deliver our services and to show you ads. By using our website, you agree to the use of cookies as described in our Cookie Policy (in English)

Accept
