SOURCE: https://help.activecampaign.com/hc/en-us/articles/115000105844-Purchase-the-SMS-add-on#h_01JH1FZFDRCZ563KBA180FFE6Z
FETCHED: 2026-09-27T02:20:40.888Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
Skip to main content
How can we help?
 

Stay informed about changes to the ActiveCampaign platform on our Release Updates page.

ActiveCampaign Help Center
Account, Billing, & Setup
Account Billing & Upgrade
 
Purchase the SMS add-on
Sarah N
Last updated July 22, 2026 at 12:06 PM
Follow
Not yet followed by anyone
 ActiveCampaign plans
Starter
Plus
Pro
Enterprise
SMS add-on To purchase this add-on, you must have a Plus, Professional, or Enterprise plan.

SMS (Short Messaging Service) is a text messaging service that lets you send short text messages to your contacts. Incorporating SMS into your marketing and communications can enhance customer experience, boost engagement, and drive your business growth.

This article will show you how to purchase the SMS add-on and recurring credits.

Take Note
Only Primary Admins and users with billing permissions can purchase the SMS add-on
You must have a Plus, Professional, or Enterprise plan to purchase this add-on
Unused SMS credits do not rollover to the next month
Billing for the SMS add-on is based on the type of subscription you have:
If monthly, you are charged every month
If annual, you are charged annually, and credits renew each month
View a list of countries we support sending SMS messages from, along with the number of credits used per message
Visit Getting Started with SMS and ActiveCampaign to learn how to register and set up your SMS after purchase
If sending SMS messages to recipients in the United States, you are required to register for A2P 10DLC
Purchase the SMS add-on
Click your profile > Billing & Upgrade.
Scroll down to the add-ons section at the bottom of the page and locate the SMS option.
Click the “Add to plan” button.
The “Review Purchase” modal will summarize changes to your billing. Click “Confirm purchase” to purchase the SMS add-on.

Once confirmed, your available SMS credits will appear on the upper left corner of your billing page.

Purchase additional SMS credits

Once you purchase the SMS add-on, you can purchase additional credits.

Click your profile > Billing & Upgrade.
Click “Edit” next to “X SMS Credits” on the top left corner of your screen.
A modal window will appear. Click the dropdown and select the additional credits you want to add to your plan.
The modal will display the total cost of your SMS credits. Click the “Continue” button.
Click the “Confirm Purchase” button on the next screen.

The updated SMS credit amount will appear on the upper left corner of your billing page.

Related to:

Billing
SMS
Account Settings
Was this article helpful?
Yes No
11 out of 55 found this helpful
Start free trial
 
In this article
Purchase additional SMS credits
Purchase the SMS add-on
Take Note
Purchase the SMS add-on
Purchase additional SMS credits

Have more questions? Get in touch

Start free trial
Related articles
SMS supported countries
Getting Started with SMS
How to register for A2P 10DLC in ActiveCampaign
An overview of SMS requirements
Set up your sending domain
Can't find what you're looking for?
Let us help you right now!
Submit a request

We - and our partners - use cookies to deliver our services and to show you ads. By using our website, you agree to the use of cookies as described in our Cookie Policy (in English)

Accept
