SOURCE: https://support.pipedrive.com/en/article/texting-contacts-from-the-mobile-app
FETCHED: 2026-09-26T22:56:45.572Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
Features
Why Pipedrive
Resources
Contact sales
Pricing
Log in
Try it free
HELP CENTER
Knowledge Base
Status
Contact Support
Try it free
Knowledge Base

Knowledge Base/Mobile apps/General mobile app questions/Texting contacts from...

Topics
Texting contacts from the iOS app
Texting contacts from the Android app
Texting contacts from the mobile app
BF
Breandan Flood
Last updated: September 2, 2026
Note: You can only send texts to the phone number listed under the default phone number field for a person contact. The minimum OS version required to install the mobile app is 11+ for Android and 18+ for iOS.

You can text your Pipedrive contacts quickly and easily using the Pipedrive mobile app. This feature offers a convenient shortcut to your device’s messaging app, so you don’t have to copy and paste contact numbers manually.

Note: If you’d like to link text messages to detail views, you can explore third-party calling tools that offer this functionality in our Marketplace.
Texting contacts from the iOS app

To text the contact directly, you can go to the contact detail view and click on the speech bubble icon next to the phone number.

Once clicked, your phone’s Messages app will open with the contact’s default phone number pre-filled.

Texting contacts from the Android app

You can text a contact directly by opening the contact detail view and clicking on the envelope icon.

Once clicked, you can select your preferred messaging app with the contact’s default phone number pre-filled.

Note: Your network charges will be applied to any text messages sent through the Pipedrive mobile apps.
Was this article helpful?

Yes

No

Related articles
Marketplace integration: Aircall
Note scanner in the mobile app
Push notifications in the mobile app
Web-to-mobile calling
What features do the mobile apps have?
Got any questions?
Contact us
Pipedrive
About
Pricing
Jobs
Blog
Newsroom
Product
Sales software
Features
Privacy and security
Marketplace
Status
API
Discover
Partner Program
Sales Pipeline Course
What is CRM?
CRM Comparison
Resources
Help Center
Knowledge Base
Academy
Support
(Available now)
© 2026 Pipedrive
Pipedrive
Terms of Service
Pipedrive
Privacy Notice
Site map
Cookie Notice
Cookie Preferences
Pipedrive is a Web-based Sales CRM.

This website uses cookies and other tracking technologies to enhance user experience and to analyze performance and traffic on our website. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. Further information is available in our:Cookie NoticePrivacy Notice
Continue
