SOURCE: https://www.pipedrive.com/en/products/sales/lead-capture
FETCHED: 2026-09-26T22:46:54.762Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
Skip to main content

Meet Pipedrive Nova: Our new built-in meeting intelligence tool. Learn more.

Features
Why Pipedrive
Resources
Contact sales
Pricing
Log in
Try it free
LEADBOOSTER
Lead capture software
Capture quality leads before they drift elsewhere

Leads are your business’s bread and butter. Nurturing them is key to keeping your business running and winning more prospects.

With lead capture forms, you can capture web visitors, email recipients and social contacts. What’s more, you can customize templates and automatically sync leads to your CRM to enrich contact data.

Pipedrive’s Web Forms – which is part of the LeadBooster add-on – is a lead capture form builder that allows you to convert more qualified website visitors. Small business and enterprise teams can use Web Forms to improve their landing pages’ lead-generating power and get new deals in their pipelines.

Try it free

Full access. No credit card required.

4.5/5

4.5 of 5

4.2/5

4.2 of 5

4.3/5

4.3 of 5

4.5/5

4.5 of 5

4.5/5

4.5 of 5

4.7/5

4.7 of 5
Pipedrive’s key lead capture features
Lead capture form templates

Design beautiful, on-brand, easy-to-use web forms with Pipedrive’s form templates and an intuitive form builder

Opens in new window
Cross-platform functionality

Embed lead capture forms wherever your audience is active, from landing pages to emails to social media

Opens in new window
Custom data fields

Prioritize important lead data like email addresses, phone numbers, websites and company names

Opens in new window
CRM automation

Send information automatically from your lead capture pages straight to Pipedrive’s CRM to save time and avoid data entry errors

Opens in new window
GDPR-compliant data security

Protect your lead contact info with a multi-layered data security system

Opens in new window
Reports and insights

Understand which channels are working and which require your attention with real-time reports and insights

Opens in new window
What to look for in lead capture software

There are plenty of lead capture solutions available, but only a handful have the power to support today’s demanding sales and marketing workflows. To make sure you choose the right solution, look for the following features:

Easy setup: Create and integrate lead capture forms with a few steps and zero complex processes.

Customization: Choose a template and select the contact data points you need for tailored, no-fuss lead capturing.

Workflow automation: Save time and nurture leads with automated workflows like document sending and email marketing automation.

Sync with your CRM: Feed lead data straight into your CRM so your sales team can act quickly.

Full pipeline visibility: Gain actionable insights to constantly improve your lead generation funnel.

Customize your online forms

Marketing and sales goals vary from business to business, meaning there’s no “one-size-fits-all” lead capture system.

With Pipedrive’s web forms builder, you can create forms that align with your lead-capturing goals. Select a layout and color scheme that aligns with your branding and create fields for the data you need.

Refine your process well after it’s done: test new form fields or CTAs (calls to action) and optimize the conversion power of your lead capture forms.

Start conversations with website visitors

Lead qualification can be a slow and painstaking process. Wouldn’t you rather invest that time in closing more deals?

Luckily, you can speed things up with interactive tools like web chat, engage with leads on your landing pages and help them get answers instantly.

Pipedrive’s automated Chatbot allows sales leads to find information that’s relevant to them without contacting a salesperson or customer support. If they can’t find what they’re looking for, it directs them to a human representative in real time.

Automate your follow-up workflows

Not all leads are ready to buy. Some need nurturing and appearing too eager might cost you future sales.

With email automation, you can strike a balance and nurture leads on their terms.

Give your potential customers the right information at the right time without completing tedious manual tasks. Segment leads based on data from Pipedrive’s Web Forms and Live Chat, then engage them with personalized content, testimonials and incentives.

Integrations to power your lead generation and lead capturing

Boost your lead generation and lead capturing functionality with access to the hundreds of integrations in Pipedrive’s Marketplace.

Livestorm

Create marketing videos, landing pages and email sequences to engage your leads. Host online events and capture leads with the Livestorm integration.

involve.me

Help your lead generation efforts stand out and succeed. Add interactive elements, like quizzes and calculators, and provide value and fun for your leads with the involve.me integration.

Wisepops

Send data collected from website popups and site bars straight to your CRM. Target and segment leads from your website with Pipedrive’s Wisepops integration.

Google Meet

Manage all Google Meet calls with leads and colleagues from within your CRM. Create your unique meeting link and join calls in one click with the Google Meet integration.

Zapier

Create complex automation workflows and connect data sources. Build the best lead capture tool for your business needs with the Zapier integration.

Surfe

Make capturing leads from LinkedIn quick and easy. Seamlessly organize leads and import them to your CRM in one click with the Pipedrive Surfe integration.

LeadBooster add-on

Get more leads with this powerful and easy-to-use lead generation toolset. In addition to Chatbot and Live Chat you can engage inbound leads with your Web Forms, or find outbound leads with Prospector. LeadBooster can be added to any Pipedrive CRM plan. This add-on includes:

Chatbot

Live Chat

Prospector

Web Forms

Starting from

$
32
.50

per company per month, billed annually
or $39 per company per month, billed monthly

Learn more
How Pipedrive boosted Quru’s leads by 34% in 6 months

Quru, a Finland-based digital analytics platform, struggled to draw actionable lead insights from its website visitors and potential customers.

Using Pipedrive and the Leadfeeder integration, the company gathered more insights about its sales leads and how to act on them. These insights let Quru follow up and improve conversion rates efficiently across its entire sales pipeline.

“[Pipedrive] has helped us improve our funnel stages and measurement capabilities while keeping the ability to build up contact and organization-level history about past activities and deals.”

Read the full case study

Lead capture system FAQs
What is lead capture software?

Lead capture software is a specialized sales and marketing tool for gathering contact information from your potential customers.

It helps businesses grow lead databases and nurture prospects through their  (e.g., through calls, email marketing and special offers).

Pipedrive offers several ways for businesses to capture and nurture leads, such as through ,  and .

What are some popular lead capture features?

Lead capturing should be flexible, adaptable and customizable.

Popular lead capture software solutions that Pipedrive offers include:

Web forms builder

Chatbot and Live Chat

CRM integration

Multi-platform embedding

Many lead capture and lead generation integrations

Marketing and sales automation

What are the benefits of Pipedrive’s lead capture system?

We’ve designed Pipedrive’s lead capture system to help you:

Customize lead capture forms visually, quickly and easily

Capture the data you need from leads with form customization

Post or embed lead capture forms on your website and third-party platforms, including social media

Seamlessly funnel lead data to a CRM system for accurate organization

Save time with automated workflows

Engage website visitors and increase lead opportunities with  tools.

What’s the difference between lead capture and lead generation?

Lead generation refers to the entire process of attracting prospects to your business. It includes efforts like marketing campaigns and webinars to increase your brand awareness and lead magnet production.

Lead capture is the final stage of lead generation. In this stage, you can transform prospects into leads by collecting their contact information to nurture them down your .

What is a lead capture page?

A lead capture page typically refers to either the standalone lead capture form itself (where leads enter their contact details) or the landing page where it’s embedded.

How do you create a lead capture page?

Creating a lead capture form with Pipedrive is easy. Use our lead capture form builder to create a beautiful form that collects your lead’s most important details. Then, embed it on your website, post it in your newsletter, share it on social media – you name it.

Maximize visitor opportunities with simple lead capture forms
Try Pipedrive for free

14-day trial. Zero cost. Full access. No credit card required.

Skip footer navigation links
Product
Features
Pipedrive AI
Pricing
Integrations
API
MCP
Product updates
Discover
Partner program
Referral program
Case studies
Sales pipeline course
What is CRM?
Resources
Sales calculator
Help Center
Knowledge Base
Academy
FAQs
Status
Support
(Available now)
Company
About
Jobs
Blog
Newsroom
Get our newsletter
Trust center
Legal hub
Sub-processors
English
© 2026 Pipedrive
Pipedrive
Terms of Service
Pipedrive
Privacy Notice
Site map
Cookie Notice
Cookie Preferences
Pipedrive is a Web-based Sales CRM.

This website uses cookies and other tracking technologies to enhance user experience and to analyze performance and traffic on our website. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. Further information is available in our:Cookie NoticePrivacy Notice
Continue
