SOURCE: https://www.pipedrive.com/en/features/lead-generation-software
FETCHED: 2026-09-26T22:42:32.528Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
Skip to main content

Meet Pipedrive Nova: Our new built-in meeting intelligence tool. Learn more.

Features
Why Pipedrive
Resources
Contact sales
Pricing
Log in
Try it free
LeadBooster add-on
Get more leads on any Pipedrive plan

LeadBooster is Pipedrive’s powerful and easy to use lead generation tool. Capture high-quality inbound and outbound leads before they drift elsewhere. Add LeadBooster to any Pipedrive CRM plan from $32.50 per month per company.

Set up LeadBooster

Try it free for 14 days, from $32.50 per month afterward

LeadBooster add-on includes:
Chatbot

Engage website visitors 24/7 and route leads to sales reps

Live Chat

Delight leads by seamlessly swapping between chatbots and live chat

Prospector

Source quality leads from a database of over 400 million profiles

Web Forms

Embed and share forms and surveys to capture and store new leads with ease

Chatbot

Pipedrive’s Chatbot acts as a tireless team member who instantly engages your website visitors 24/7. Customize how it looks, the questions it asks and how it replies. Tailor questions on different web pages, and depending on visitors’ answers, qualify them immediately or route them to an available sales rep.

Learn more

Opens in new window
Live Chat

Have available sales reps add a human touch when needed – from anywhere. They can seamlessly pick up conversations started by a Chatbot using the Pipedrive web or mobile app. If your team ever gets too busy, your Chatbot steps in so no leads slip away.

Learn more

Opens in new window
Prospector

Pluck your next new lead from a global database of over 400 million profiles and 10 million companies. Identify the personas of your target customers using filters like job title, location and industry, then reveal the contact data of your best matches.

Learn more

Opens in new window
Web Forms

Give your inbound leads an easy and reliable way to share their contact information with you. LeadBooster’s Web Forms are intuitive to build yet highly customizable. Simply share or embed them as forms or surveys on your website and watch the new leads roll in.

Learn more

Opens in new window
More lead-generation features
Schedule meetings

Get more leads into sales demos with your team using Pipedrive’s Scheduler. Send calendar links in Live Chat or let your Chatbot help qualified leads book a meeting with a sales rep. Meetings automatically sync to your reps’ calendars.

Opens in new window
Automatic assignment

Automatically assign new sales leads and prospects to a person or team in your company. Create a set of predefined rules that determine how your leads are distributed. Save time, follow up faster and increase conversions.

Opens in new window
Leads Inbox

Pool all your leads in one place before they go into your deals pipeline. Know where leads stand with “hot”, “warm” and “cold” labels, and schedule follow-up calls, email campaigns or activities from Leads Inbox to get the ball rolling.

Opens in new window
Spreadsheet imports

Happen to collect some leads manually or from other sources? Quickly upload and store them alongside all your prospects in Pipedrive’s Leads Inbox. Make Pipedrive the one source of truth for your team so they never miss an opportunity.

Opens in new window
Delight leads with end-to-end customer experiences

Impressing people from initial contact to post-sales is key to building a customer experience worth raving about.

Today’s customer expects an efficient and personalized buyer journey, from brand awareness to conversion and beyond. Achieve this goal with a CRM and lead generation business tool that streamlines your processes and helps turn casual inquiries into loyal customers.

Pipedrive’s B2B lead-generation software empowers you to excite people with:

Easy setup. Simplify the form creation process with Pipedrive’s Web Forms builder. Use custom fields to build online forms and calls to action (CTAs) unique to your brand.

Shorter user journeys. Share lead magnets across all channels, including LinkedIn and other social media platforms. Eliminate drop-offs by giving people quick access to your teams and the information they need.

Knowledgeable chatbots. Tailor your chatbots across landing pages and customize how they reply to inquiries. Route leads to active sales reps when human interaction is necessary.

CRM integration. Integrate purchases and deal stage updates directly with your CRM. Provide real-time notifications for sales teams to keep everyone on the same page.

Lead scoring. Stop wasting time on non-committal leads. Gauge purchase intent with form data analysis and prioritize outreach efforts accordingly.

Cloud sharing. Allow anyone in your team to access new form submissions and take appropriate action. Keep warm leads engaged with quick replies from fully informed reps.

Reports and insights. Take advantage of overview and granular reporting to identify broken sales processes, opportunities and cold leads. Regularly review and improve your lead-generation campaigns to drive more leads into your sales funnel.

Marketing automation. Enable your marketing team to build optimized, relevant outreach campaigns and target leads using LeadBooster’s lead segmentation and importing functions.

Track all types of leads
Marketing qualified leads

A contact who has engaged with your marketing efforts but isn’t ready for a sales conversation yet.

Opens in new window
Sales qualified leads (SQL)

A contact who is further along the sales cycle and considering becoming a paying customer.

Opens in new window
Product qualified leads

A trial or freemium user who has used your product and is considering becoming a paying customer.

Opens in new window
Service qualified leads

A contact who has indicated to your customer success team they are ready to become a paying customer or upgrade.

Opens in new window
Give your reps lead generation superpowers
Customize your web forms

Empower reps to collect the information they need. Generate lead data you can act on with LeadBooster’s custom fields and web form designer.

Segment newly qualified leads

Have data automatically imported to your CRM whenever your leads submit web forms. Then, segment leads with custom filters and devise an outreach strategy.

Capture leads from anywhere

Embed forms and pop-ups onto your website, forward them to contacts and share on social networks to direct the hottest leads to your lead management system.

Pair Chatbot with Live Chat

Get Chatbot and Live Chat working in harmony to keep leads engaged. Chatbot will engage new leads and direct them to reps who can reroute them back when necessary.

Centralize lead data

Create a true north of customer data collected from various channels with LeadBooster. Cloud sharing keeps your entire team in the loop in real time.

Book sales meetings

Connect Chatbot and Live Chat with Pipedrive’s Scheduler tool to schedule meetings in a click and automatically update your reps’ calendars.

Save time and effort with AI lead generation

AI lead generation helps reps find and interact with high-quality leads at the click of a button.

Prospector’s AI engine scours its database of 400 million profiles to find contacts that best match your ideal customer persona. It also updates and verifies up to 800,000 profiles every day to ensure you’re working with the most current information.

Use Prospector to find and vet the best leads for your business. With all the time saved, your human reps can concentrate on building lasting relationships that drive revenue.

Track your lead activity for complete oversight
Fully customizable reports

Custom CRM fields make tracking lead activity a breeze.

Get insights on sales cycle duration, win rates and loss patterns with deal reporting. Use lead reports to see where yours are coming from and which are most likely to convert.

Interactive dashboards

Pipedrive’s beautiful dashboard designs take the monotony out of lead gen KPI supervision.

Interactive data organization lets you quickly view and share your business’s critical metrics. Make smarter sales decisions with clearly visualized lead information.

Goal setting

Establish individual, team and company-wide goals and track progress using our interactive dashboards.

Add and monitor assignees, sales cycles, durations and expected outcomes and measure performance against goals with ease.

How LeadBooster can increase conversion rates and fill sales pipelines
1. Use Prospector to source outbound leads

Your lead-generation efforts become much easier when you have a repository of potential customers. LeadBooster’s powerful, fully GDPR-compliant  gives you insights into over 10 million companies and 400 million individuals.

Make contact detail collection for prospecting and cold emailing a breeze. Once you have built customer and buyer personas, use your credits to uncover verified email lists, phone numbers and job history, for example, of your most sought-after potential leads.

2. Reveal countless sales opportunities with Chatbot

If your lead gen strategy solely relies on reps manually replying to prospects, you could be missing out.

LeadBooster’s Chatbot functionality qualifies more leads, schedules meetings in an instant and engages existing and new customers 24/7. Create simple pathways and custom fields to extract vital information. Your reps can then deploy their follow-up strategy, knowing that they’re working with trusted data.

3. Reroute warm leads from Chatbot to Live Chat

Chatbot does a great job of engaging website visitors and gauging purchase potential. However, some customers require more human lead nurturing to push them through your .

Live Chat steps in when Chatbot can’t assist with a query or when the bot identifies a high-value lead. Set up your Chatbot to route leads to Live Chat messaging based on your specified criteria and build stronger customer relationships.

4. Make data collection simple with Web Forms

The more effective touchpoints you deploy across your organization, the more leads you’ll generate. Web forms are a highly efficient way to gather important information from potential customers.

Web Forms are fully customizable, so you can focus on obtaining clear, relevant data for your business. Once your form template is complete, embed it on your website, post it across your social media channels, feature it in your email marketing campaigns and more. Marketers can also use this data to target leads with products and services they may like.

How we use LeadBooster to achieve a 30% conversion rate

Our very own sales team was missing out on sales opportunities. They were losing time manually entering details and answering misdirected support requests.

Since deploying Chatbot, the team can now respond to more leads in less time. Chatbot sends customers to the relevant support team, and now we have over 1,000 leads in our Leads Inbox.

“Implementing Chatbot has helped us to focus on calls and demos to customers during their free trial period and also avoid losing that opportunity.”

Read the case study

Lead generation software FAQs
How do I generate leads in sales?

There are several ways for  to generate leads. One is to ensure you engage with new visitors on your website to capture their information through tools like chatbots, live chat and web forms.

Another is to use lead-sourcing databases to search profiles for leads that fit your target audience persona.

Pipedrive’s LeadBooster add-on gives you all these tools and more to maximize your ability to generate leads and fill your pipeline.

What does lead gen mean?

“Lead gen” is short for “lead generation”. Both terms refer to the process of identifying and targeting potential customers for your business (e.g., through a  strategy).

You prioritize your lead-generation efforts depending on their type and how close they are to buying.

For example, a “working lead” is someone your sales team is having an active conversation with, while a “nurturing lead” isn’t interested right away but may be in the future.

What is lead generation in marketing?

The lead-generation process involves bringing new leads to your ’s attention and entering them into the sales pipeline.

By using a combination of outbound and inbound marketing techniques, marketing agents can build trust and encourage leads to make themselves known to  through tools like LeadBooster.

What is B2B lead generation?

Business-to-business (B2B) lead generation is a method that focuses on the business sector, unlike business-to-customer (B2C) lead generation.

B2B  involve taking the time to understand how your business can provide solutions to everyday business . Your lead-generation strategy is no different.

By using Pipedrive’s LeadBooster, businesses can ensure that they generate high-quality leads that fit their ideal customer profile.

How to generate leads in real estate?

There are many effective strategies for real estate lead generation.. Still, you’ll need to make sure your business has a solid traditional and digital marketing strategy (e.g.,  and ) to ensure leads think of your business when it comes time to buy and sell.

By building a strong brand presence, maintaining good relationships with your leads and asking for testimonials and referrals from satisfied customers, you’ll be at the top of everyone’s list when the time comes to buy or sell.

Start generating more leads with Pipedrive
Try Pipedrive for free

14-day trial. Zero cost. Full access. No credit card required.

See why Pipedrive is so highly rated

Try it free
Skip footer navigation links
Product
Features
Pipedrive AI
Pricing
Integrations
API
MCP
Product updates
Discover
Partner program
Referral program
Case studies
Sales pipeline course
What is CRM?
Resources
Sales calculator
Help Center
Knowledge Base
Academy
FAQs
Status
Support
(Available now)
Company
About
Jobs
Blog
Newsroom
Get our newsletter
Trust center
Legal hub
Sub-processors
English
© 2026 Pipedrive
Pipedrive
Terms of Service
Pipedrive
Privacy Notice
Site map
Cookie Notice
Cookie Preferences
Pipedrive is a Web-based Sales CRM.
This website uses cookies and other tracking technologies to enhance user experience and to analyze performance and traffic on our website. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. Further information is available in our:Cookie NoticePrivacy Notice
Continue
