SOURCE: https://www.pipedrive.com/en/features/smart-docs
FETCHED: 2026-09-26T22:43:41.394Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
Skip to main content

Meet Pipedrive Nova: Our new built-in meeting intelligence tool. Learn more.

Features
Why Pipedrive
Resources
Contact sales
Pricing
Log in
Try it free
Smart Docs
The sales industry has evolved. Have your documents?

Centralize the entire documentation process by sending trackable quotes, proposals and contracts from within Pipedrive. Get notified when they are opened by a customer and request eSignatures from your clients to close deals faster.

Set up Smart Docs
Opens in new window

*Available for Professional, Power and Enterprise plan users free of charge. Essential and Advanced plan customers can purchase Smart Docs add-on.

Auto-fill docs with Pipedrive data

Send quotes faster with less manual copy-pasting and fewer errors. Create document templates that automatically pull products from your catalog or information from any Pipedrive field.

Strike while the deal is hot

Ever wish you could read your prospects’ minds? By sending trackable documents, you get notified whenever they’re opened. Follow up at the right time to lock in sales quickly.

Company-wide documents and templates sharing*

Provide your team immediate access to vital documents and templates to ensure seamless collaboration.

Seal deals with eSignatures*

eSignatures lets your customers sign documents electronically without printing files or downloading plugins. By removing the hurdle of getting that final physical signature from a customer, you can close deals faster.

Remove Pipedrive’s logo from your team's documents*

Streamline deal closing by allowing your customer to open and sign your documents. Remove Pipedrive’s logo to promote your business’s identity and remove friction.

More features
Google Drive integration

Connect your Google account with Pipedrive to seamlessly access and edit any Google Drive file

Microsoft OneDrive integration

Connect your Microsoft account with Pipedrive to access files in your OneDrive or SharePoint cloud storage

Products

Create quote tables that automatically populate deal-related product information in your documents

PDF support

Share PDF documents via a special link that tracks document opening and supports digital signatures

Google Sheets/Google Slides support

Use all Smart Docs features from Google Sheets or Google Slides

DocuSign integration

Connect DocuSign with Pipedrive to create envelopes from within Pipedrive

Join over 100,000 companies
Try it free

Or sign up with Google

Full access. No credit card needed.
By signing up, you accept our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.

Skip footer navigation links
Product
Features
Pipedrive AI
Pricing
Integrations
API
MCP
Product updates
Discover
Partner program
Referral program
Case studies
Sales pipeline course
What is CRM?
Resources
Sales calculator
Help Center
Knowledge Base
Academy
FAQs
Status
Support
(Available now)
Company
About
Jobs
Blog
Newsroom
Get our newsletter
Trust center
Legal hub
Sub-processors
English
© 2026 Pipedrive
Pipedrive
Terms of Service
Pipedrive
Privacy Notice
Site map
Cookie Notice
Cookie Preferences
Pipedrive is a Web-based Sales CRM.

This website uses cookies and other tracking technologies to enhance user experience and to analyze performance and traffic on our website. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. Further information is available in our:Cookie NoticePrivacy Notice
Continue
