SOURCE: https://support.pipedrive.com/en/article/what-are-the-accepted-payment-methods-for-pipedrive
FETCHED: 2026-09-26T22:57:22.808Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
Features
Why Pipedrive
Resources
Contact sales
Pricing
Log in
Try it free
HELP CENTER
Knowledge Base
Status
Contact Support
Try it free
Knowledge Base

Knowledge Base/Billing/Billing information/What are the accepted...

Topics
Payment Methods
Pay with a credit or debit card
Pay with PayPal
Pay with direct debit
Pay with a local credit or debit card (Brazil)
What are the accepted payment methods for Pipedrive?
BF
Breandan Flood
Last updated: September 2, 2026
Note: Only users with account settings access can add or update billing details. You can learn more about user management in this article.

You can manage your company’s payment method directly from your Pipedrive account.

Open the account menu in the top right corner and go to Billing. From there, click the pencil icon next to the payment method to update it.

Payment Methods

Pipedrive offers several payment options for your subscription, so you can choose the one that works best for your company.

Available payment methods include:

Credit or debit card
PayPal
Direct debit
Local credit or debit card (Brazil)
Note: The payment method and currency used for your Pipedrive invoices depend on your billing location.
Supported currencies

The currency charged for your Pipedrive invoices is determined by your billing country, as shown below.

Billing location
	
Currency charged

Australia
	
AUD

Canada
	
CAD

European countries and Turkey
	
EUR

United Kingdom
	
GBP

All other locations
	
USD
Pay with a credit or debit card

Paying by credit or debit card is the most common way to subscribe to Pipedrive and is available in most regions.

Pipedrive accepts all major credit and debit cards, including:

Visa
MasterCard
American Express
Discover
JCB
Note: If your company’s billing address is in North America or the United Kingdom can also pay with Diners Club credit cards.

To use a credit or debit card, select credit/debit card, enter your billing details and click “Confirm billing details” to complete the setup.

Pay with PayPal
Note: PayPal payments are not currently available for customers in the United Kingdom.

PayPal lets you pay for your Pipedrive subscription using your PayPal balance or a payment method linked to your PayPal account.

To pay with PayPal, select PayPal as your payment method and click “PayPal” to log in to your account.

In the PayPal checkout, review the subscription details and select “Agree and Continue” to approve recurring payment.

Once the checkout is complete, you’ll return to your Billing page in Pipedrive. You’ll see a confirmation message with your selected plan and the date of the first charge.

Pay with direct debit

Direct debit lets you pay for your Pipedrive subscription directly from your bank account and is available in selected European countries, the United Kingdom and the United States.

Three direct debit schemes are supported:

SEPA – used for payments in Euros
BACS – used for payments in Great British pounds
ACH – used for payments in United States dollars

Direct debit is available in the following regions:

	Supported regions
SEPA	Åland Islands, Austria, Belgium, Cyprus, France, French Guiana, Germany, Guadeloupe, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Malta, Martinique, Mayotte, Monaco, Netherlands, Portugal, Réunion, San Marino, Slovenia, Spain, Saint Pierre and Miquelon
BACS	United Kingdom
ACH	United States

When you select direct debit during checkout, you’ll be asked to review and accept the direct debit mandate before completing your purchase.

Note: SEPA payments can take up to five working days to complete. While a payment is pending, you won’t be able to make changes to your account’s billing details.
Pay with a local credit or debit card (Brazil)

If your company is based in Brazil, you can also pay for your Pipedrive subscription using a local credit or debit card.

To learn more about how local card payments work in Brazil, see this article.

Was this article helpful?

Yes

No

Related articles
Strong Customer Authentication (SCA) in Pipedrive
How can I remove seats?
How can I start paying for Pipedrive?
Can I change the information in a past Pipedrive invoice?
How can I update my billing details in Pipedrive?
Got any questions?
Contact us
Pipedrive
About
Pricing
Jobs
Blog
Newsroom
Product
Sales software
Features
Privacy and security
Marketplace
Status
API
Discover
Partner Program
Sales Pipeline Course
What is CRM?
CRM Comparison
Resources
Help Center
Knowledge Base
Academy
Support
(Available now)
© 2026 Pipedrive
Pipedrive
Terms of Service
Pipedrive
Privacy Notice
Site map
Cookie Notice
Cookie Preferences
Pipedrive is a Web-based Sales CRM.

This website uses cookies and other tracking technologies to enhance user experience and to analyze performance and traffic on our website. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. Further information is available in our:Cookie NoticePrivacy Notice
Continue
