SOURCE: https://support.pipedrive.com/en/article/projects-billing-and-subscription
FETCHED: 2026-09-26T22:56:15.455Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
Features
Why Pipedrive
Resources
Contact sales
Pricing
Log in
Try it free
HELP CENTER
Knowledge Base
Status
Contact Support
Try it free
Knowledge Base

Knowledge Base/Account settings/Users and permissions/Projects: billing and...

Topics
Projects billing
Projects add-on billing and seats
Access to Projects
Assign access to Projects
Get started with Projects
Projects: billing and subscription
SR
Steven Reinartz
Last updated: September 2, 2026
Note: Only users with account settings access can manage billing and user permissions. Learn more about global user management.

Use Projects to organize work after a deal is won. It helps you track tasks, manage follow-up activities and keep related work in one place.

Projects billing

How you’re charged for Projects depends on your plan:

Plan	Projects availability	Access for users
Lite and Growth	Available as a paid add-on	Only users assigned a project seat and given project app access
Premium and Ultimate	Included in the plan	All users have access by default

On Lite and Growth plans, Projects is priced per seat. This means access isn’t enabled for all users by default. Instead, you choose which users can use the feature by assigning them a project seat and enabling the projects app. Each assigned user is included in your billing.

You can add or remove seats from your subscription at any time, depending on how many users need access.

On Premium and Ultimate plans, Projects is included for all users. Changing user access does not affect your billing.

Projects add-on billing and seats
Note: You can trial Projects for 14 days. The trial automatically converts to a paid subscription unless you cancel before it ends.

To add Projects as an add-on, go to account menu > Billing and click “Manage add-ons”.

Enable Projects, then select how many seats you want to purchase.

To adjust the number of seats, click “Seats”, choose how many you need and confirm.

Reducing the number of seats will lower your billing on the next cycle.

Note: The Projects add-on is billed as a recurring charge and follows the same billing cycle as your subscription.
Access to Projects

To use Projects, you need access to:

Deals app – requires a paid seat, grants access to Pipedrive core features
Projects app – allows you to create and manage projects

Users without access to the projects app can still view project information if it’s linked to items they can access, such as deals or contacts, but they can’t create or edit projects.

Assign access to Projects

To give a user access to Projects, you need to enable the projects app for them.

Go to the account menu > Manage users, then select the users you want to update.

Enable the projects app in the access panel.

Finally, click “Edit” to confirm.

If you’re on a Lite or Growth plan and no seats are available, enabling access will add a new projects seat to your subscription.

Get started with Projects

Once you have access, open the Projects tab to start adding and planning your projects.

Was this article helpful?

Yes

No

Related articles
Does Pipedrive support right-to-left language input?
Global user management
User overview
Pipedrive's referral program
Callto Syntax: Make VOIP calls from Pipedrive
Got any questions?
Contact us
Pipedrive
About
Pricing
Jobs
Blog
Newsroom
Product
Sales software
Features
Privacy and security
Marketplace
Status
API
Discover
Partner Program
Sales Pipeline Course
What is CRM?
CRM Comparison
Resources
Help Center
Knowledge Base
Academy
Support
(Available now)
© 2026 Pipedrive
Pipedrive
Terms of Service
Pipedrive
Privacy Notice
Site map
Cookie Notice
Cookie Preferences
Pipedrive is a Web-based Sales CRM.

This website uses cookies and other tracking technologies to enhance user experience and to analyze performance and traffic on our website. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. Further information is available in our:Cookie NoticePrivacy Notice
Continue
