SOURCE: https://help.followupboss.com/hc/en-us/articles/360014690533-Texting-Overview
FETCHED: 2026-10-06T10:18:25.810Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
Help Center
Webinars Community Blog Submit a request Log In
Texting Overview
Search
Follow Up Boss - Help Center
Communication
Texting
 
B. Claire
2 months ago
Updated
Follow
Not yet followed by anyone

Whether it's from the app or the desktop, texting in Follow Up Boss is simple and quick. When texting through Follow Up Boss, all texts are logged on the corresponding profile, making communication with people seamless as you have all the information at your fingertips.   

⚠️ Important: Business Registration must be approved to send text messages from FUB. 

How it Works 

Follow Up Boss texting can be done from the desktop as well as from the mobile apps. Need to send a video text or a group text? No problem! We got you covered. Check out the resources below to learn more about texting with Follow Up Boss. 

 

Texting on the Desktop 💻

There are three ways to Text on the Desktop:

From the lead profile
Quick text
From the Inbox
Smartlist contact number
Texting on the App 📱

iPhone and Android texting is perfect for when you are on the go. All texts sent from the app will use your Follow Up Boss number (if always text in app is enabled, check your iPhone and Android settings). 

Texting Features 
Texting Images 🌅

Need to send a picture of the property? You can send images via text, just like you would from any other text app! 

 

Video Texting 🎥

Sending videos to clients is common. Through the Follow Up Boss app, you can send Video Texts directly from your Follow Up Boss number. 

 

Group Texting 👥

When selling or buying, spouses/partners/clients all need to be informed. To keep everyone in the loop, utilize Group Texting. 

 

Related Guides

Group Texting

Video Texting

Text on the Desktop

iPhone Texting

Android Texting

Texting for Lenders

vCard

Schedule Texts 

 

FAQs
What number do my texts come from?
Without the dialer enabled, texts will come from the Company Number. If a user has the Dialer enabled, text messages will be sent from the outbound number listed in the user's Settings. 
Can I use my own cell number? 
For texting through the desktop app we use Follow Up Boss numbers as phone companies do not allow tracking or sending of texts from personal cell numbers. Through the iPhone App, there is an option to text using your cell number. To toggle this setting, click your initials/image in the upper left-hand corner of the iPhone app > toggle off (grey) Always text in app. Although these text messages won't be automatically tracked. 
Is there a character limit? 
For the best deliverability and user experience, our carrier recommends sending texts that are no more than 320 characters. 
Was this article helpful?
Yes No
2 out of 3 found this helpful
Have more questions? Submit a request
Return to top 
Related articles
Video Texting Overview
Group Texting Overview
iPhone: Texting
Texting on the Desktop
Schedule Text for the next 24 hrs
  Articles in this section
Group Texting Overview
Texting Overview
Video Texting Overview
After Hours Queued Text Messages
Company Number: What number do texts come from?
Creating Text Templates
Group Texting: Desktop
How to Work Your Leads
Lead Flow: Initial Text
Past Client Scripts
See more
Try Follow Up Boss Free For 14 Days
Start a Trial
Phone and email support
8am - 8pm EST
7 days a week
(855) 622-5311
support@followupboss.com
‍
Company
About Careers Press Kit
Resources
Blog Customer Results Get a Demo FAQ Updates Status Support
Product
For Solo Agents For Team Leaders For ISAs For Admins Large Teams Small Teams Pricing
Compare
Open System vs
All-In-Ones Top Producer Wise Agent Boomtown CINC LionDesk
Legal
Security Privacy Terms
© Follow Up Boss
