SOURCE: https://help.followupboss.com/hc/en-us/articles/8895957403927-Zillow-Two-Way-Integration-Overview
FETCHED: 2026-10-06T10:20:11.116Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
Help Center
Webinars Community Blog Submit a request Log In
Zillow Two Way Integration Overview
Search
Follow Up Boss - Help Center
Integrations
Zillow
 
B. Claire
11 months ago
Updated
Follow
Not yet followed by anyone

Follow Up Boss and Zillow have partnered together to create a two-way integration for Zillow Teams so your team can work leads seamlessly in both systems. Updates made in Follow Up Boss like stage assignments, lead assignments, notes, communications, and deals will integrate with Zillow keeping your leads up to date. Say goodbye to being behind on your Zillow updates and dual entry. 

Note: The Zillow Two Way Integration is for teams and agents with their own FUB account. If you are an agent on a team FUB account, where the team doesn't have the Zillow Two Way Integration with FUB, you will need to use the Zillow One Way Integration.

⚠️ Zillow Team Leads need to enable the Zillow two-way integration first, then team members can integrate. 

 

How it Works

 

To learn more about how the Two-Way Integration works between Zillow and FUB and get a step by step guide of how to get started, you can take the FUB Two-Way Integration On-Demand course in Zillow Academy.

The Zillow One Way Integration is also available. Not sure which integration option is best for you? Learn more about the Zillow integration differences.

 

What information is included in the integration? 

When initiated, a two-way integration will be established for all Zillow leads with a modified date of less than 2 years (this includes profile, MBP, and Zillow Preferred). Once the integration has been established, information about your leads will flow in both directions, Follow Up Boss and Zillow. 

 

Before Integrating FUB and Zillow 

Before Integrating, a couple of steps need to be taken to make the transition smooth and successful. 

Integration Instructions 

Now that you have prepared your database for the integration, it is time to follow the Integration Instructions to get up and running. 

Initial Integration

Once the integration steps are complete, the system will begin the Initial Integration. 

Ongoing Integration

The Ongoing Integration will send new Zillow leads to FUB and update stage changes, assignments, notes, communication signals, deals, and the My Agent Relationship status. For contacts with an active My Agent Status, viewed and saved properties will appear in FUB. 

Common Questions 

Use the Common Questions guide to help answer questions and resolve issues. 

 

FAQs
What happens to my non-Zillow leads?
The non-Zillow leads will remain untouched, and information will not be sent between Follow Up Boss and Zillow. Any newly added Zillow stages will be visible on non-Zillow leads but their stages will not be limited and no Zillow icon will appear.
Here is an example of a combination of Zillow and Non-Zillow leads on a Smart List:

Here is an example of what the stages look like on a Non-Zillow Lead vs a Zillow Lead:
. 

What if I don't want to use the Zillow stages?
No problem! You can continue to use the Zillow One Way Integration Integration.
What if I don't want to share my Follow Up Boss information with Zillow?
No problem! You can continue to use the Zillow One Way Integration Integration.
If I set up the Zillow two-way integration and change my mind, can I disconnect it later?
Yes! To disconnect the Zillow two-way integration, go to Admin > Integrations > Zillow, and then click the button to disconnect. When you disconnect, we will remove the stage restrictions on all Zillow leads as well as the Zillow icon that appears next to those stages.
Please note, we will not delete any leads and we will not update any stages when you disconnect. If you want to return leads to the stage they were in prior to connecting, you need to do this manually. We recommend that you tag leads with their old stages prior to turning on the integration in case you need these stages for reference.
I'm not on a Zillow Team, can I still use two-way integration?
As of August 2023, the 2-way integration is available for ALL Zillow agents, including independent agents! Some independent agents prefer the one-way, Zillow Tech Connect integration because they work all leads in FUB and don't need to update the Zillow CRM, use the Zillow Stages, etc. It comes down to user preference.

 

 

Next Article: Zillow Two Way Integration: Before Integrating

Was this article helpful?
Yes No
5 out of 5 found this helpful
Have more questions? Submit a request
Return to top 
Related articles
Zillow One Way Integration Overview
Zillow One Way vs. Two Way Integration
Users, Roles & Permissions
Changing a Lead Stage
Mass Actions
  Articles in this section
Zillow Two Way Integration Overview
Zillow One Way Integration Overview
Zillow One Way vs. Two Way Integration
How to upgrade from FUB to a Zillow Pro membership
Zillow Pro: How to identify your strongest My Agent opportunities
Zillow Workspace is now Zillow Pro
Likely to List (Beta)
Zillow Pro: Get started
Zillow Pro: Seat Upgrades
Schedule ShowingTime Tours from Follow Up Boss
See more
Try Follow Up Boss Free For 14 Days
Start a Trial
Phone and email support
8am - 8pm EST
7 days a week
(855) 622-5311
support@followupboss.com
‍
Company
About Careers Press Kit
Resources
Blog Customer Results Get a Demo FAQ Updates Status Support
Product
For Solo Agents For Team Leaders For ISAs For Admins Large Teams Small Teams Pricing
Compare
Open System vs
All-In-Ones Top Producer Wise Agent Boomtown CINC LionDesk
Legal
Security Privacy Terms
© Follow Up Boss
