SOURCE: https://www.followupboss.com/open
FETCHED: 2026-10-06T10:16:17.839Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
Platform
Who we serve
Community
Pricing
About
FREE TRIAL
Log In
All-in-one? Master of none.

Get the freedom to choose how you grow. With the FUB Real Estate Team OS, you decide what's best.

START FREE TRIAL
BUILT FOR TEAMS
Teams move fast

Lead sources come and go. Marketing tactics evolve. Brokerage affiliations aren’t forever. When you're building a team, things change. We make change easy.

Import leads from any source, connect any website
Change parts of your system without interrupting your team
Build systems to automate your team's unique process
HOW FUB SERVES TEAMS
MORE CHOICE
All-in-ones hold you back

Most real estate CRMs are part of all-in-one solutions that lock you into using what they're selling. The Real Estate Team OS is a flexible hub that lets you choose your tools and make them work together.

Convert more leads with world-class CRM features
Choose from 250+ lead source and integrations for everything else
Stay flexible & move fast to capture new opportunities
EXPLORE INTEGRATIONS
CONSTANT INNOVATION
FUB pushes you forward

Our engineering team is 100% focused on building a world-class real estate CRM, with an open API and a thriving ecosystem of integrations: An operating system for real estate businesses.

New CRM features weekly
Integrations added regularly
You're never locked in to things you don't want to use
LATEST UPDATES
ENDLESS CONNECTIONS
What makes Follow Up Boss "open?"

250+ integrations

Integrate your CRM with 200+ real estate lead sources and over 30 other software vendors so your leads are in one place and your systems work in sync.

Website pixel

Add the Follow Up Boss Pixel to your IDX website and see the properties a lead viewed and pages they visited. Track Facebook and Google ads automatically and see which leads actually closed.

Zapier connections

Automate your business with a deep Zapier integration that connects your Follow Up Boss account to thousands of other software vendors in seconds.

Open API & embedded apps

APIs let software systems talk to each other. Our API is open, so any vendor can create an integration. We even have embedded apps so they can build apps you use right inside of Follow Up Boss.

"We love Follow Up Boss because they play nice with virtually everybody out there...they'll integrate with everybody. Follow Up Boss is the hub of everything for us and then we add spokes from there."

Kyle Whissel

Team Leader, Whissel Realty Group

CUSTOMER-FOCUSED
Open isn't just tech. It's everything.

CUSTOMER FOCUSED
We answer to you

Follow Up Boss moves fast, stays focused on the long-term and does what’s right for customers. Get unlimited access to our US-based product expert team on all plans. We're real humans who pick up your call (or return your email).

ABOUT FUB
HONEST
Transparent pricing, no contracts

You have to earn your client’s business on every transaction. Why should we be any different? Follow Up Boss has clear pricing, no hidden fees and no contracts. You can upgrade, downgrade, or cancel any time (and take your data with you), right inside the app.

SEE PRICING
REAL ESTATE TEAM OS
The Follow Up Boss difference:
Don’t get locked into a CRM you’ll outgrow. Stay flexible with Follow Up Boss.
START FREE TRIAL
Organize
250+ integrations
Lead distribution
FUB Pixel
Calendar
Team collaboration
Mobile apps
Smart Lists
Engage
Calling
Texting
Email
Automations
Team inbox
Company number
Zillow Pro
NEW
Coach
Reporting
Deal tracking
Team Leaderboard
Community
Customer results
Daily training
Upcoming events
TeamOS Podcast
FUB private Facebook group
Blog
Guides
Solutions
For team leads & admins
For agents on teams
For ISAs
For solo agents
Open system vs all-in-ones
Better support & easy migration
Pricing
AI
NEW
Get Help
See a demo
FAQ
Help docs
Guided onboarding
System status
Latest updates
Company
About
Careers
Security
Legal
Privacy
Terms
Sign up for the Team OS newsletter
Get support
8am - 8pm ET / 7 days a week
(855) 622-5311‍
‍Submit a new request

© FUB 2026
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
