SOURCE: https://legal.hubspot.com/terms-of-service
FETCHED: 2026-09-26T22:05:22.186Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
×
close

We use cookies to improve HubSpot’s site. Some cookies are necessary for our website and services to function properly. Other cookies are optional and help personalize your experience, including advertising and analytics. You can consent to all cookies, decline all optional cookies, or manage optional cookies. Without a selection, our default cookie settings will apply. You can change your preferences at any time. To learn more, check out our Cookie Policy.

Accept All
Decline All
Manage Cookies
Skip to content
English
Select a language
High Contrast
Customer Support
Contact Sales
Log in
About
About
Products
Products
Solutions
Solutions
Pricing
Resources
Resources
Start free or get a demo
Legal Center
HUBSPOT CUSTOMER TERMS OF SERVICE
Return to Legal Center Homepage
For Customers
Show Submenu
For Partners
Show Submenu
For Everyone
Show Submenu

Last Modified: September 16, 2026

HubSpot Customer Terms of Service

[Want a pdf copy? Click here.]

PLEASE READ THESE CUSTOMER TERMS OF SERVICE CAREFULLY.

Our Customer Terms of Service is a contract that governs our customers' use of the HubSpot services. It consists of the following documents:

General Terms: These contain the core legal and commercial terms that apply to your use of our products and services.  Any references to Master Terms means these General Terms.
Product Specific Terms: These include any additional terms that apply to your use of each of our product offerings, our consulting and other services, and third-party services.
Data Processing Agreement (DPA): This explains how we process your data and includes the EU Standard Contractual Clauses.
Acceptable Use Policy (AUP): This is the rulebook setting out what you can and can’t do while using our products and services.
Your Order Form is the HubSpot-approved form created following your purchase of one of our products or services through our online payment process or via in-app purchase. It contains all of the details about your purchase, including your subscription term, products and services purchased and your fees. You’ll find your Order Form(s) in the Accounts and Billing section of your HubSpot account.
HubSpot Terms Tip: You can learn more about how to locate your Order Form, invoices and receipts at the "View, download, and pay your HubSpot invoice" knowledge base article. 

We’ve aimed to keep these documents as readable as possible, but in some cases for legal reasons, some of the language is necessarily “legalese”. By using the Subscription Service or receiving the Consulting Services, you are agreeing to these terms.

We update these terms from time to time. If you have an active HubSpot subscription, we will let you know when we update the terms via in-app notification or by email (if you subscribe to receive email updates). You can find archived versions of the General Terms, Product Specific Terms, and DPA in our archives at https://legal.hubspot.com/archive.

General Terms

Last modified September 16, 2026

1. Definitions

2. Use of Services

3. Fees

4. Term & Termination

5. Customer Data

6. Intellectual Property

7. Confidentiality

8. Publicity

9. Indemnification

10. Disclaimers; Limitation of Liability

11. Governing Law and Jurisdiction

12. Miscellaneous

Appendix: Jurisdiction Specific Terms

Appendix: U.S. Government Customer Additional Terms

1.  DEFINITIONS

“Add-Ons” means additional product enhancements (including Limit increases and other add-ons) that are made available for purchase and are listed in the 'Add-Ons & Limit Increases' and the 'Technical Limits and Definitions' sections of our Products and Services Catalog.

"Affiliate" means any entity which directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with a party to this Agreement. For purposes of this definition, control means direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 50% of the voting interests of the subject entity.

"Agreement" or “Customer Terms of Service” means these General Terms and all materials referred or linked to in here, unless otherwise stated. Throughout this Agreement, we link to knowledge base articles to help facilitate your use of our products and services and manage your HubSpot account; however, these knowledge base articles are for your information only, and they are not incorporated into this Agreement.

"Authorized Payment Method" means a current, valid, payment method accepted by us, as may be updated from time to time and which may include payment through your account with a third party.

"Beta Service" means a program, service, or a feature of a service, that is designated, labeled, described, or presented to you or the user as beta, alpha, experimental, pilot, limited release, in development, developer preview, non-production, or evaluation, such that it is provided prior to general commercial release.

"Billing Period" means the period for which you agree to prepay fees under an Order Form. This may be the same length as the Current Term specified in the Order Form, or it may be shorter. For example, if you subscribe to the Subscription Service for a one (1) year Current Term, with a twelve (12) month upfront payment, the Billing Period will be twelve (12) months.

"Confidential Information" means all confidential information disclosed by a party and its Affiliates ("Disclosing Party") to the other party ("Receiving Party"), whether orally or in writing, that is designated as confidential or a reasonable person would consider confidential. Confidential Information includes all information concerning: the Disclosing Party's customers and potential customers, past, present or proposed products, marketing plans, engineering and other designs, technical data, business plans, business opportunities, finances, research, development, and the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Confidential Information does not include any information that (i) is or becomes generally known to the public without breach of any obligation owed to the Disclosing Party, (ii) was known to the Receiving Party prior to its disclosure by the Disclosing Party without breach of any obligation owed to the Disclosing Party, (iii) is received from a third party without breach of any obligation owed to the Disclosing Party, or (iv) was independently developed by the Receiving Party. Subject to the foregoing exclusions, Customer Data will be considered Confidential Information under this Agreement regardless of whether or not it is designated as confidential.

"Contact" means a single individual (other than a User) whose information is stored by you in the Subscription Service.

"Consulting Services" means the professional services provided to you by us, which may include training services, installation, integration or other consulting services.

"Customer Data" means all information that you submit or collect via the Subscription Service. Customer Data does not include HubSpot Content.

"Customer Materials" means all materials that you provide or post, upload, input or submit for public display through the Subscription Service.

"DPA" means the HubSpot Data Processing Agreement at https://legal.hubspot.com/dpa.

"Email Send Limit" means the number of emails that you may send in any given calendar month, as detailed in the Product and Services Catalog.

"Free Services" means the Subscription Service or other products or features made available by us to you on an unpaid trial or free basis.

"HubSpot Content" means all information, data, text, messages, software, sound, music, video, photographs, graphics, images, and tags that we incorporate into the Subscription Service or Consulting Services, including Enrichment Data (as defined in the Product Specific Terms).

"Jurisdiction-Specific Terms" means the additional terms that apply to your subscription, depending on your location. These terms form part of the Agreement and are available in the Jurisdiction Specific Terms Appendix included in this Agreement.

"Order" or "Order Form" means the HubSpot-approved form or online subscription process by which you agree to subscribe to the Subscription Service and purchase Consulting Services. Your Order Form is incorporated into the Agreement.

"Overages" means the additional fees incurred on a Pay-as-You-Go basis when you exceed your HubSpot Credits Limit.

"Personal Data" means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual where such information is protected similarly as personal data, personal information, or personally identifiable information under Data Protection Laws, as defined in the DPA.

"Privacy Policy" means the HubSpot Privacy Policy available at https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy, as updated by us from time to time.

“Product and Services Catalog” means HubSpot’s Product and Services Catalog, which is incorporated into this Agreement and as updated by us from time-to-time and available at http://legal.hubspot.com/hubspot-product-and-services-catalog.

"Product Specific Terms" means the additional product-related terms that apply to your use of the HubSpot Subscription Services, our Consulting Services and Third-Party Products. These terms form part of the Agreement and can be found at http://legal.hubspot.com/product-specific-terms.

"Subscription Fee" means the amount you pay for the Subscription Service.

"Subscription Service" means all of our web-based applications, tools and platforms that you have subscribed to under an Order Form or that we otherwise make available to you, and are developed, operated, and maintained by us, accessible via http://hubspot.com or another designated URL, and any ancillary products and services, including website hosting, that we provide to you, unless otherwise specified in our Product Specific Terms.

"Subscription Term" means, collectively, the initial term of your subscription to the applicable Subscription Service, as specified on your Order Form(s) (the "Initial Term"); and each subsequent renewal period, if any (each a "Renewal Term"). Your "Current Term" is your then-current committed period of Subscription Services, as either an Initial Term or Renewal Term. For Free Services, the Subscription Term will be the period during which you have an account to access the Free Services.

"Third-Party Products" means non-embedded products and professional services that are provided by third parties which interoperate with or are used in connection with the Subscription Service. Third-Party Products include non-HubSpot products and services available from, for example, our marketplaces, directories, and links made available through the Subscription Service and non-HubSpot services listed on https://ecosystem.hubspot.com/marketplace.

"Third-Party Sites" means third-party websites linked to from within the Subscription Service, including Communications Services.

"Users" means your employees, representatives, consultants, contractors or agents who are authorized to use the Subscription Service for your benefit and have unique user identifications and passwords for the Subscription Service.

"HubSpot," "we," "us," or “our” means the applicable contracting entity as specified in the ‘Contracting Entity and Applicable Law’ section.

"You," "your," or “Customer” means the person or entity using the Subscription Service or receiving the Consulting Services and identified in the applicable account record, billing statement, online subscription process, or Order Form as the customer and your Affiliates included in the scope of your purchase.

2.  USE OF SERVICES

2.1  Access. During the Subscription Term, we will provide your Users access to use the Subscription Service as described in this Agreement and the applicable Order. We may provide your Users access to use our Free Services at any time by activating them in your HubSpot account. We might provide some or all elements of the Subscription Service through third party service providers.

2.1.1 User Access. You must ensure that all access, use and receipt by your Users is subject to and in compliance with this Agreement. You may provide access and use of the Subscription Service to your Affiliate's Users or allow them to receive the Consulting Services purchased under an Order; provided that, all such access, use and receipt by your Affiliate's Users is subject to and in compliance with the Agreement and you will at all times remain liable for your Affiliates' compliance with the Agreement. You must be 18 years of age or older to use the Subscription Service.

2.1.2 Unauthorized Access. You will notify us promptly of any unauthorized use of your Users’ identifications and passwords or your account by following the instructions at http://help.hubspot.com.

2.2  Additional Features. You may subscribe to additional features of the Subscription Service by placing an additional Order or activating the additional features from within your HubSpot account (if this option is made available by us). This Agreement will apply to all additional Order(s) and all additional features that you activate from within your HubSpot account.

2.3  Availability and Uptime. For details of HubSpot’s Service Uptime Commitment, please see the Product Specific Terms.

2.4  Limits. The limits that apply to you will be specified in your Order Form, this Agreement or in our Product and Services Catalog, and for our Free Subscriptions; these limits may also be designated only from within the product itself (collectively "Limits").

2.5  Downgrades. You are not permitted to downgrade your Subscription Service during your Current Term. You may downgrade your Subscription Services at your next renewal date upon completion of a new Order Form.

2.6  Modifications. We may modify the Subscription Service during the Subscription Term, including by adding or removing features, functions, Limits, or Add-Ons that apply to your subscription. Any modifications we make will not materially degrade the overall functionality of the Subscription Service during the Current Term to which you subscribe except as follows:

(i) modifications to Free Services;

(ii) modifications resulting from changes outside of our control, such as a change to applicable law, changes related to Third-Party Products, etc.;

(iii) as otherwise specified in our Product Specific Terms; or

(iv) modifications to any Beta Services.

If the modification materially degrades the overall functionality of the Subscription Service and HubSpot is unable to provide you with substantially similar functionality, your sole and exclusive remedy for our breach of this section is termination of your Subscription Services and a pro-rated refund of unused fees.

2.7  Customer Support. For information on the customer support terms that apply to your subscription, please refer to the Product Specific Terms.

2.8  Acceptable Use. You will comply with our Acceptable Use Policy at http://legal.hubspot.com/acceptable-use ("AUP").

2.9  Prohibited and Unauthorized Use. You will not use the Subscription Service in any way that violates the terms of the AUP or for any purpose or in any manner that is unlawful or prohibited by this Agreement. You will not (i) directly or indirectly reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise attempt to uncover or discover the source code, object code or underlying structure, ideas, know-how or algorithms relevant to the Subscription Services or any software, documentation or data related to the Subscription Services; (ii) modify, translate, or create derivative works based on the Subscription Services (except to the extent expressly permitted by us); (iii) or remove any proprietary notices or labels.

2.9.1 Use Restrictions. You may not use the Subscription Service if you are legally prohibited from receiving or using the Subscription Service under the laws of the country in which you are resident or from which you access or use the Subscription Service.

2.9.2 Additional Restrictions. You may not use the Subscription Service in a way that would violate local or industry-specific regulations (for example, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Rule consistent with the requirements of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA), the Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA), etc.).

2.10  Sensitive Data. The HubSpot Sensitive Data Terms available at https://legal.hubspot.com/sensitive-data-terms are incorporated into this Agreement if you enable the Sensitive Data functionality in your HubSpot Account. To the extent specifically permitted under the HubSpot Sensitive Data Terms and subject to those additional terms, you may use the Subscription Services to collect, store, manage, or otherwise process information considered sensitive information under various regulations.

2.11  Customer Responsibilities. To realize the full value of the Subscription Service and Consulting Services, your participation and effort are needed. Resources that may be required from you include a project manager, one or more content creators, a sales sponsor, an executive sponsor and a technical resource (or equivalent). Responsibilities that may be required include planning of marketing programs; setting of a content creation calendar; creating blog posts, social media content, Calls-To-Action (CTAs), downloads, emails, nurturing content, and other materials; acting as internal liaison between sales and marketing; providing top level internal goals for the use of the Subscription Service; attending regular success review meetings; and supporting the integration of the Subscription Service with other sales and marketing systems.

2.12  Free Trial. If you register for a free trial, we will make the applicable Subscription Service available to you on a trial basis free of charge until the earlier of (a) the end of the free trial period (if not terminated earlier) or (b) the start date of your paid subscription. Unless you purchase a subscription to the applicable Subscription Service before the end of the free trial, all of your data in the Subscription Service may be permanently deleted at the end of the trial, and we will not recover it. If we include additional terms and conditions on the trial registration web page, those will apply as well.

2.13  Legacy Products. If you have a legacy Subscription Service, some of the features and Limits that apply to that product may be different than those that appear in these General Terms, Product Specific Terms and/or the Product and Services Catalog. If you have legacy Subscription Services, we may choose to move you to our then-current products at any time. If you determine that you are using a legacy product and would like to upgrade to a current-version, you must execute a new Order.

3.  FEES

3.1  Subscription Fees. The Subscription Fee will not increase during the Current Term of your subscription unless (i) you exceed your applicable Limits and incur Overages invoiced at the then-current rates detailed in our Product and Services Catalog; (ii) you upgrade products or base packages, including upgrades as a result of exceeding Limits; (iii) you complete a purchase to subscribe to Add-Ons or additional products, including Marketing Contacts or HubSpot Credits capacity packs; and/or (iv) otherwise agreed to in your Order Form. We may also choose to decrease your fees upon written notice to you. Please review the Product Specific Terms for information on features available in Revenue Hub and other Subscription Services that may have different fee structures.

HubSpot Terms Tip: You can learn more about how to configure your account to manage HubSpot Credits and feature Limits in the “Understand HubSpot Credits and billing” knowledge base article. 

3.2  Fee Adjustments at Renewal. Upon renewal, we may increase your Subscription Fees up to our then-current list price set out in our Product and Services Catalog. If this increase applies to you, we will notify you at least thirty (30) days in advance of your renewal and the increased fees will apply at the start of the next Renewal Term. If you do not agree to this increase, you can choose to terminate your subscription at the end of your Current Term by giving the notice required in the ‘Notice of Non-Renewal’ section below. Please review the Product Specific Terms for information on features available in Revenue Hub and other Subscription Services that have different fee adjustment notice requirements.

3.3  Payment of Fees.  If you are paying by credit card, you authorize us to charge your Authorized Payment Method for all fees payable during the Subscription Term. You further authorize us to use a third party to process payments, and consent to the disclosure of your payment information to such third party.

3.3.1 Authorized Payment Method. We may refuse your existing Authorized Payment Method (for example, if we have information indicative of fraud associated with the payment method) and require you to add a new payment method as your Authorized Payment Method.

3.3.2 Billing. In the event of a failed attempt to charge your Authorized Payment Method (for example, if your Authorized Payment Method has expired or is no longer valid), we reserve the right, and you authorize us, to retry billing your Authorized Payment Method. If you update your Authorized Payment Method to remedy a change in validity or expiration date, we will automatically resume billing; we may also receive updates on your Authorized Payment Method through our payment service providers and automatically resume billing. We may suspend your access in accordance with the 'Suspension' section or terminate your account in accordance with the 'Termination for Cause' section if we remain unable to successfully charge a valid Authorized Payment Method.

3.3.3 Collection and Setoff Rights. You authorize us to collect any outstanding fees owed by you under this Agreement, including from: (i) your Authorized Payment Method on file; (ii) any reserves, deposits, or funds held by us or our payment processors on your behalf (e.g., HubSpot payments reserves); and (iii) any other payment methods or accounts you have provided to us. Additionally, we may set off and deduct any amounts you owe us from any amounts we may owe you, including but not limited to refunds, credits, or other payments. These rights are in addition to any other rights and remedies available.

3.4  Payment Against Invoice. All amounts invoiced are due and payable within thirty (30) days from the date of the invoice, unless otherwise specified in the Order Form. If you are paying by invoice, we will invoice you, at the beginning of the applicable Current Term and each subsequent Billing Period.

3.5  Company and Payment Information. You will keep your business information up to date, including your company name, address, and primary contact. You will also keep your Authorized Payment Method and billing information up to date for the payment of incurred and recurring fees, including your tax information.

Changes may be made on your Billing Page within your HubSpot account. You authorize HubSpot to continue to charge your Authorized Payment Method for applicable fees during your Subscription Term and until any and all outstanding Fees have been paid in full. All payment obligations are non-cancelable and all amounts paid are non-refundable, except as specifically provided for in this Agreement. All fees are due and payable in advance throughout the Subscription Term. If you are a HubSpot Solutions Partner that purchases on behalf of a client, you agree to be responsible for the Order Form and to guarantee payment of all fees.

3.6  Sales Tax. All fees are exclusive of taxes, which we will charge as applicable. You agree to pay any taxes applicable to your use of the Subscription Service and performance of Consulting Services. You will have no liability for any taxes based upon our gross revenues or net income. At our request, you will provide us with your tax identification information under which you are registered in your registered state; missing this information may impact our ability to service your account, including issuing refunds or credits for applicable taxes.

If you are located in the European Union, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland, all fees are exclusive of any VAT and you represent that you are registered for VAT purposes in your member state. If you do not provide us with a country specific tax number prior to your transaction being processed, we will not issue refunds or credits for any VAT that was charged. If you are subject to GST, all fees are exclusive of GST.  If you are located in Canada, all fees are exclusive of GST, PST and HST.

3.7  Withholding Tax.  If you are required to deduct or withhold tax from payment of your HubSpot invoice, you may deduct this amount from the applicable Subscription Fee due to the extent it is due and payable as assessed withholding tax required under laws that apply to you (the “Deduction Amount”).

You will not be required to repay the Deduction Amount to us, provided that you present us with a valid tax receipt verifying payment of the Deduction Amount to the relevant tax authority within ninety (90) days from the date of the invoice. If you do not provide this tax receipt within the specified time period, then all fees, inclusive of the Deduction Amount, will be immediately due and payable, and failure to pay these fees may result in your account being suspended or terminated for non-payment.

4.  TERM AND TERMINATION

4.1  Term and Renewal. Your Initial Term will be specified in your Order, and, unless otherwise specified in your Order, your subscription will automatically renew for the shorter of the same duration as your prior term or one year. Except as specifically provided for in this Agreement, you may not cancel your subscription prior to the end of your Current Term, and we will not provide any refunds of prepaid fees or unused Subscription Fees through the end of your Current Term.

4.2  Notice of Non-Renewal. You may choose to cancel your subscription at the end of the Current Term by providing notice as specified in this section. Unless otherwise specified in this Agreement or your Order, if you decide that you do not want your subscription to automatically renew, you must turn off the auto-renewal setting in the Account & Billing section of your HubSpot account prior to the end of your Current Term.  If you do not turn off the auto-renewal setting in the Account & Billing section of your HubSpot account, your Subscription will renew automatically.

HubSpot Terms Tip: You can learn more about turning off auto-renew and canceling your subscription by following the steps in this knowledge base article, “Cancel your subscription and delete your HubSpot account”, as applicable.

4.3  Termination for Cause. Either party may terminate this Agreement for cause, as to any or all Subscription Services: (i) upon thirty (30) days’ notice to the other party of a material breach if such breach remains uncured at the expiration of such period, or (ii) immediately, if the other party becomes the subject of a petition in bankruptcy or any other proceeding relating to insolvency, cessation of business, liquidation or assignment for the benefit of creditors.

We may also terminate this Agreement for cause on thirty (30) days’ notice if we determine that you are acting, or have acted, in a way that has or may negatively reflect on or affect us, our prospects, or our customers.

4.4  Suspension

4.4.1  Suspension for Prohibited Acts. We may suspend any User’s access to any or all Subscription Services without notice for:

(i) use of the Subscription Service in a way that violates applicable local, state, federal, or foreign laws or regulations or the terms of this Agreement,

(ii) use of the HubSpot email send service that results in excessive bounces, SPAM complaints via feedback loops, direct spam complaints (to our abuse desk), or requests for removal from a mailing list by recipients, or

(iii) repeated instances of posting or uploading material that infringes or is alleged to infringe on the copyright or trademark rights of any person or entity.

We may, without notice, review and delete any Customer Data or Customer Materials that we determine in good faith violate these terms or the AUP, provided that, we have no duty (unless applicable laws or regulations provide otherwise) to prescreen, control, monitor or edit your Customer Data or Customer Materials.

HubSpot Terms Tip: You can find details about HubSpot and the European Union Digital Services Act of 2024 at https://legal.hubspot.com/digital-services-act  which is not incorporated into this Agreement and provided for your information only. 

4.4.2  Suspension for Non-Payment. We will provide you with notice of non-payment of any amount due. Unless the full amount has been paid, we may suspend your access to any or all of the Subscription Services ten (10) days after such notice. We will not suspend the Subscription Service while you are disputing the applicable charges reasonably and in good faith and are cooperating diligently to resolve the dispute. If a Subscription Service is suspended for non-payment, we may charge a re-activation fee to reinstate the Subscription Service.

4.4.3  Suspension for Present Harm. HubSpot may, with electronic or telephonic notice to you, suspend all or any access to the Subscription Service if your website, or use of, the Subscription Service:

(i) is being subjected to denial of service attacks or other disruptive activity,

(ii) is being used to engage in denial of service attacks or other disruptive activity,

(iii) is creating a security vulnerability for the Subscription Service or others,

(iv) is exhibiting anomalous usage patterns, consuming excessive bandwidth or storage, or shows other signs of potentially fraudulent or compromised access, or;

(v) is causing harm to us or others.

We will make commercially reasonable efforts to limit the suspension to the affected portion of the Subscription Service, and each party will make reasonable efforts to promptly resolve the issues causing the suspension of the Subscription Service. Nothing in this clause limits our right to terminate for cause as outlined above, if we determine that you are acting, or have acted, in a way that has or may negatively reflect on or affect us, our prospects, or our customers.

4.4.4  Suspension and Termination of Free Services. We may suspend, limit, or terminate the Free Services for any reason at any time without notice. We may terminate your subscription to the Free Services due to your inactivity.

4.5 Effect of Termination or Expiration.  If your paid subscription is terminated or expires, we will continue to make available to you our Free Services provided however, this may not be the case if your Agreement was terminated for cause.

You will continue to be subject to this Agreement for as long as you have access to a HubSpot account.

Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, you will stop all use of the Subscription Service and HubSpot Content. If you terminate this Agreement for cause, we will promptly refund any prepaid but unused fees covering use of the Subscription Service after termination. For the avoidance of doubt, this refund does not include any fees owed from your use of HubSpot Payments, which is separately governed under the HubSpot Payments Terms of Use. If we terminate this Agreement for cause, you will promptly pay all unpaid fees due. Fees are otherwise non-refundable.

5.  CUSTOMER DATA

5.1  Customer’s Proprietary Rights. You own and retain all rights to the Customer Materials and Customer Data. You grant permission to us and our licensors to use the Customer Materials and Customer Data as necessary to provide the Subscription Service and Consulting Services to you, as permitted by this Agreement, and as permitted by applicable law. If you are using the Subscription Service or receiving Consulting Services on behalf of another party, then you represent and warrant that you have all sufficient and necessary rights and permissions to do so.

5.2  Limits on HubSpot. We will use Customer Data in order to provide the Subscription Service and Consulting Services to you, as permitted by this Agreement, and as permitted by applicable law.

5.3  Data Practices.

5.3.1 Machine Learning and AI. We may use Customer Data to develop, support, and improve HubSpot AI features and functionality. We may also use Customer Data to train our AI models in compliance with our obligations under the Agreement. You may opt out of having your Customer Data used for this purpose by updating your settings in your HubSpot account. If you opt out, we will no longer collect Customer Data to train our AI models, unless you later update your settings and opt in.

HubSpot Terms Tip: Visit the “Opt out of HubSpot's machine learning data use” knowledge base article for more information. For the avoidance of doubt, opting-out of HubSpot AI model training does not prevent you from using HubSpot AI features. 

5.3.2 HubSpot Tracking Code and Customer Websites. You may choose to include the HubSpot tracking code designed to monitor digital interactions (the “HubSpot Tracking Code”) in Customer content you use in HubSpot, including your websites or digital properties (“Customer Websites”). The HubSpot Tracking Code is available to use with or without HubSpot enrichment products; please refer to the Product Specific Terms for additional details.  We may use data collected through the HubSpot Tracking Code, which may include Personal Data such as IP addresses and other online identifiers (“Website Data”) to provide, maintain, append, improve, enhance, and develop our commercial dataset and Subscription Services.

The Controller-to-Controller terms of the DPA will not apply if you both (i) disable Intent data sharing collected from the HubSpot Tracking Code in your HubSpot account, and (ii) are not using enrichment products.

HubSpot Terms Tip: For more information about how we process Website Data, see our knowledge base article “Install the HubSpot tracking code”.

5.3.3 Privacy Policy. For more information on these practices, please see our Privacy Policy.

5.4 Protection of Customer Data. The terms of the DPA are hereby incorporated by reference and will apply to the extent any Customer Data includes Personal Data. The DPA sets out how we will process Personal Data on your behalf in connection with the Subscription Services provided to you under this Agreement. We will maintain commercially appropriate administrative, physical, and technical safeguards to protect Personal Data as described in the DPA, including our Security Measures in Annex 2 of our DPA.

5.5 Regional Data Hosting. We will store your Customer Data in a specific location or geographical region (e.g., United States, European Union, etc.) as part of your subscription subject to the terms of this Agreement (each a “Hosting Location”). Your Customer Data will be replicated for disaster recovery and back-up purposes within your regional Hosting Location.

HubSpot Terms Tip: To confirm where your HubSpot account data is hosted, please see the HubSpot knowledge base article “HubSpot Cloud Infrastructure and Data Hosting | Frequently Asked Questions”.

5.5.1 Exclusions to Hosting Location. The Hosting Location does not apply to or cover other services or types of data including (i) Add-Ons, Third-Party Products, or Beta Services (ii) Consulting Services; (iii) HubSpot Content; (iv) analytics generated in connection with the Subscription Service; (v) as indicated on the HubSpot Sub-Processors Page; or (vi) if Users or your end users access the Subscription Service  outside of the Hosting Location. WE MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT A SPECIFIC HOSTING LOCATION WILL MEET YOUR DATA RESIDENCY REQUIREMENTS.

5.6 Data Transfers. We and our Affiliates may transfer Personal Data to the United States in connection with the Subscription Service in accordance with our DPA and our Privacy Policy.

5.7  Retention, Deletion and Retrieval of Customer Data. For information regarding the retention and deletion of Customer Data, please see the ‘HubSpot Obligations’ section of our DPA. You can learn more about your right to retrieve Customer Data from your HubSpot account in the ‘Retrieval of Customer Data’ sections as specified in our Product Specific Terms.

6.  INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

6.1 Ownership. This is an agreement for access to and use of the Subscription Service, and you are not granted a license to any software by this Agreement. We retain all intellectual property rights to the HubSpot Content, the Subscription Service, the Consulting Services, and any other products or services provided under this Agreement. You agree not to copy, rent, lease, sell, distribute, or create derivative works based on the HubSpot Content, the Subscription Service, or the Consulting Services in whole or in part, by any means, except as expressly authorized in writing by us. Our trademarks include, but aren’t limited to, those listed on our trademarks page at http://legal.hubspot.com/trademarks (which we may update at any time without notice to you), and you may not use any of these without our prior written permission.

6.2 Suggestions. We encourage all customers to comment on the Subscription Service or Consulting Services, provide suggestions for improving it, and vote on suggestions they like. You agree that all such comments and suggestions will be non-confidential and that we own all rights to use and incorporate them into the Subscription Service or Consulting Services, without payment or attribution to you.

7.  CONFIDENTIALITY

7.1 Confidential Information Obligations. The Receiving Party will: (i) protect the confidentiality of the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party using the same degree of care that it uses to protect the confidentiality of its own confidential information of like kind, but in no event less than reasonable care, (ii) not use any Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party for any purpose outside the scope of this Agreement, (iii) not disclose Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party to any third party (except those third party service providers used by us to provide some or all elements of the Subscription Service or Consulting Services and HubSpot Solutions Partners bound by confidentiality obligations), and (iv) limit access to Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party to those of its and its Affiliates' employees, contractors and agents who need such access for purposes consistent with this Agreement and who have signed confidentiality agreements with the Receiving Party containing protections no less stringent than those herein.

7.2 Confidential Information Disclosure. The Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party if required to do so under any federal, state, or local law, statute, rule or regulation, subpoena or legal process; provided, however, that (i) the Receiving Party will provide the Disclosing Party with prompt notice of any request that it disclose Confidential Information, sufficient to allow the Disclosing Party to object to the request and/or seek an appropriate protective order or, if such notice is prohibited by law, the Receiving Party will disclose the minimum amount of Confidential Information required to be disclosed under the applicable legal mandate; (ii) the Receiving Party will refer the request to the Disclosing Party and will provide reasonable assistance to the Disclosing Party, at the Disclosing Party’s cost, in opposing such disclosure or seeking a protective order, unless the Receiving Party is explicitly prohibited from doing so by law or court order; and (iii) in no event will the Receiving Party disclose Confidential Information to a party other than a government agency except under a valid order from a court having jurisdiction requiring the specific disclosure, including in circumstances where the Disclosing Party refuses to provide their consent or fails to respond to the Receiving Party’s inquiries in connection with the request to disclose the Confidential Information.

8.  PUBLICITY

8.1 Publicity Rights. You grant us the right to add your name and company logo to our customer list and website.

8.2 Publicity Opt-Out. You can opt-out of this use by filling out the Publicity Opt-Out form at https://legal.hubspot.com/publicity-opt-out-1.

9.  INDEMNIFICATION

9.1 Customer Indemnification. You will indemnify, defend and hold us and our Affiliates harmless, at your expense, against any third-party claim, suit, action, or proceeding (each, an "Action") brought against us (and our officers, directors, employees, agents, service providers, licensors, and Affiliates) by a third party not affiliated with us or our Affiliates to the extent that such Action is based upon or arises out of

(i) unauthorized or illegal use of the Subscription Service by you or your Affiliates,

(ii) your or your Affiliates' noncompliance with or breach of this Agreement,

(iii) your or your Affiliates' use of Third-Party Products, or

(iv) the unauthorized use of the Subscription Service by any other person using your User information.

We will: notify you in writing within thirty (30) days of our becoming aware of any such Action; give you sole control of the defense or settlement of such Action; and provide you (at your expense) with any and all information and assistance reasonably requested by you to handle the defense or settlement of the Action. You will not accept any settlement that (i) imposes an obligation on us; (ii) requires us to make an admission; or (iii) imposes liability not covered by these indemnifications or places restrictions on us without our prior written consent.

9.2 HubSpot Indemnification. We will indemnify, defend and hold you harmless, at our expense, against any Action brought against you (and your officers, directors, employees, agents, service providers, licensors, and Affiliates) by a third party not affiliated with you to the extent that such Action is based upon or arises out of an allegation that the Subscription Service infringes a valid patent in a member state of the Patent Cooperation Treaty, registered trademark, or registered copyright (“IP Indemnification”).

You will: notify us in writing within thirty (30) days of you becoming aware of any such Action; give us sole control of the defense or settlement of such Action; and provide us (at our expense) with any and all information and assistance reasonably requested by us to handle the defense or settlement of the Action. We will not accept any settlement that (i) imposes an obligation on you; (ii) requires you to make an admission; or (iii) imposes liability not covered by these indemnifications or places restrictions on you without your prior written consent.

We will not have any obligation or liability under this section if the alleged Action is caused by or based on: (i) any combination of the Subscription Service with any hardware, software, equipment, or data not provided by us, (ii) modification of the Subscription Service by anyone other than us, or modification of the Subscription Service by us in accordance with specifications or instructions that you provided, (iii) use of the Subscription Service in violation of or outside the scope of this Agreement, (iv) an allegation that the Subscription Service consists of a function, system or method traditionally utilized in marketing, sales or services software that is not commercially unique to the Subscription Service, and the commercially unique aspects of the Subscription Service are not identified in the allegation giving rise to the Action, or (v) user interface or related user design elements not provided by us.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of such Action, or if we believe that such Action is likely, we may, at our sole option and expense: (a) modify the Subscription Service or provide you with substitute Subscription Service that is non-infringing; or (b) obtain a license or permission for you to continue to use the Subscription Service, at no additional cost to you; or (c) if neither (a) nor (b) is, in our judgment, commercially practicable, terminate your access to the Subscription Service (or to a portion of the Subscription Service as necessary to resolve the claimed infringement) and refund any prepaid but unused fees covering use of the Subscription Service after termination in accordance with the ‘Effect of Termination or Expiration’ provision of this Agreement. THIS SECTION STATES OUR ENTIRE LIABILITY AND YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY WITH RESPECT TO ANY ACTION PROVIDED FOR UNDER THIS SECTION.

10.  DISCLAIMERS; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

10.1 Performance Warranty. We warrant that: (i) the Subscription Service and Consulting Services will be provided in a manner consistent with generally accepted industry standards, and (ii) we will not knowingly introduce any viruses or other forms of malicious code into the Subscription Service; provided however, this warranty will not apply to you if you only use the Free Services.

In the event of non-conformance with this warranty, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to correct such non-conformance. If we cannot correct such non-conformance within sixty (60) days from the date when you notified us of the non-conformity (the “Remedy Period”), then either party may terminate this Agreement by providing the other party written notice within thirty (30) days after the end of the Remedy Period.  If either party terminates the Agreement for this reason, we will promptly refund any prepaid but unused fees covering use of the Subscription Service after termination in accordance with the ‘Effect of Termination or Expiration’ provision of this Agreement.

We will not have any obligation or liability under this section if the non-conformance is caused by or based on: (i) any combination of the Subscription Service with any hardware, software, equipment, or data not provided by us, (ii) modification of the Subscription Service by anyone other than us, or modification of the Subscription Service by us in accordance with specifications or instructions that you provided, or (iii) use of the Subscription Service in violation of or outside the scope of this Agreement.

THIS SECTION STATES OUR ENTIRE LIABILITY AND YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY WITH RESPECT TO ANY CLAIM PROVIDED FOR UNDER THIS SECTION.

10.2 Disclaimer of Warranties. EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE ‘PERFORMANCE WARRANTY’ SECTION AND WITHOUT LIMITING OUR OBLIGATIONS IN THE 'PROTECTION OF CUSTOMER DATA' SECTION OF THIS AGREEMENT, WE AND OUR AFFILIATES AND AGENTS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES ABOUT THE SUITABILITY, RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY, TIMELINESS, SECURITY, ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE SUBSCRIPTION SERVICE, DATA SYNCHED TO OR MADE AVAILABLE FROM THE SUBSCRIPTION SERVICE, HUBSPOT CONTENT, OR THE CONSULTING SERVICES FOR ANY PURPOSE. APPLICATION PROGRAMMING INTERFACES (APIs) MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE AT ALL TIMES. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE SUBSCRIPTION SERVICE, HUBSPOT CONTENT AND CONSULTING SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF ANY KIND. WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, WITH REGARD TO THE SUBSCRIPTION SERVICE AND THE CONSULTING SERVICES, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.

10.3  No Indirect Damages. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR LOSS OF PROFITS, REVENUE, DATA OR BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER AN ACTION IS IN CONTRACT OR TORT AND REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY.

10.4  Limitation of Liability. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, AND EXCEPT FOR (i) YOUR LIABILITY FOR PAYMENT OF FEES, (ii) YOUR LIABILITY ARISING FROM YOUR OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE ‘INDEMNIFICATION’ SECTION, (iii) OUR LIABILITY ARISING FROM OUR IP INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE 'INDEMNIFICATION' SECTION, AND (iv) YOUR LIABILITY FOR VIOLATION OF OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS, IF EITHER PARTY OR ITS AFFILIATES IS DETERMINED TO HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO THE OTHER PARTY, ITS AFFILIATES OR ANY THIRD PARTY, THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF A PARTY AND ITS AFFILIATES WILL BE LIMITED TO A SUM EQUAL TO THE TOTAL AMOUNTS PAID OR PAYABLE FOR THE SUBSCRIPTION SERVICE IN THE TWELVE MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO A CLAIM; PROVIDED HOWEVER, THIS LIMITATION WILL NOT APPLY TO YOU IF YOU ONLY USE THE FREE SERVICES, AND IN THIS CASE, IF WE ARE DETERMINED TO HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE FREE SERVICES, THEN OUR AGGREGATE LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED TO ONE HUNDRED U.S. DOLLARS.

10.5  Third-Party Products. WE AND OUR AFFILIATES DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY WITH RESPECT TO THIRD-PARTY PRODUCTS THAT YOU USE. OUR LICENSORS WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY OF ANY KIND UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.

10.6  Agreement to Liability Limit. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT ABSENT YOUR AGREEMENT TO THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, WE WOULD NOT PROVIDE THE SUBSCRIPTION SERVICE TO YOU.

11. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION

11.1 Customer Location. Your physical address (entered into your HubSpot Account as the "Company Address")  will determine (i) the HubSpot entity entering into this Agreement, (ii) the address to which you should direct notices under this Agreement, (iii) the law that will apply in any dispute or lawsuit arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, and (iv) the courts that have jurisdiction over any such dispute or lawsuit, as set out in the Jurisdiction Specific Terms Appendix. As used in this Agreement, ‘Customer Location’ means your shipping or physical address.

11.2 Contracting Entity; Applicable Law; Additional Terms. If your (i) Customer Location is in North America or South America, (ii) you are located in a geographic region that does not otherwise fall into one of the designations described in the Jurisdiction Specific Terms Appendix, or (iii) if you use only the Free Services, then you are contracting with HubSpot, Inc., and this Agreement is governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, U.S.A., without reference to conflicts of law principles. For contracts with HubSpot, Inc., both parties consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the courts of Boston, Massachusetts, U.S.A. for all disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement.

11.2.1 U.S. Government Entities. If you are a U.S. local, state or federal government entity, then the HubSpot Government Customer Additional Terms Appendix to these General Terms will apply to your Agreement. If these terms apply to you, then they are incorporated into the Agreement and will control in the event of any conflict with the Agreement.

11.3 Jurisdiction Specific Terms Appendix. Additional jurisdiction specific requirements are available at the Jurisdiction Specific Terms Appendix to these General Terms and will apply to your Agreement.

11.3.1 Contracting Entity Precedent. The HubSpot entity identified on your Order Form is your contracting entity, even if it’s different from the entity specified in the Jurisdiction Specific Terms Appendix.

12.  MISCELLANEOUS

12.1  Amendment; No Waiver. We may modify any part or all of the Agreement by posting a revised version at http://legal.hubspot.com. The revised version will become effective and binding the next business day after it is posted. We will provide you notice of this revision by email or in-app notification. If you would like to receive an email notification when we update the Agreement, complete the form found at https://legal.hubspot.com/subscribe-tos-updates.

If you do not agree with a modification to the Agreement, you must notify us in writing within thirty (30) days after we send notice of the revision. If you give us this notice, then your subscription will continue to be governed by the terms and conditions of the Agreement prior to modification until your next renewal date, after which the terms posted at http://legal.hubspot.com will apply. However, if we can no longer reasonably provide the subscription to you under the terms prior to modification (for example, if the modifications are required by law or result from general product changes), then the Agreement and/or affected Subscription Services will terminate upon our notice to you and we will promptly refund any prepaid but unused fees covering use of the Subscription Service after termination in accordance with the ‘Effect of Termination or Expiration’ provision of this Agreement.

No delay in exercising any right or remedy or failure to object will be a waiver of such right or remedy or any other right or remedy. A waiver on one occasion will not be a waiver of any right or remedy on any future occasion.

12.2  Force Majeure. Except for payment obligations of amounts due under this Agreement, neither party will be responsible for failure or delay of performance if caused by: an act of war, hostility, or sabotage; act of God; electrical, internet, or telecommunication outage that is not caused by the obligated party; government restrictions; pandemic; or other event outside the reasonable control of the obligated party. Each party will use reasonable efforts to mitigate the effect of a force majeure event.

12.3  Actions Permitted. Except for actions for nonpayment or breach of a party’s proprietary rights, no action, regardless of form, arising out of or relating to this Agreement may be brought by either party more than one (1) year after the cause of action has accrued.

12.4  Relationship of the Parties. You and we agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between us.

12.5 Compliance with Laws. We will comply with all U.S. state and federal laws (where applicable) in our provision of the Subscription Service, the Consulting Services and our processing of Customer Data. We reserve the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.

We will comply with our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics which can be found on our Investor Relations page on hubspot.com; the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is incorporated into this Agreement, and may be updated without additional notice to you. Any other linked materials available on our Investor Relations Page are for information only and not incorporated into these terms, and you may subscribe to notifications about updates to the Investor Relations page separately. You will comply with all applicable laws in your use of the Subscription Service and Consulting Services, including any applicable export or trade laws.

12.6  Severability. If any part of this Agreement or an Order Form is determined to be invalid or unenforceable by applicable law, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of this Agreement will continue in effect. The headings and section titles are provided for your convenience and ease of navigation only.

12.7  Notices. To HubSpot: Notice will be sent to the contact address set forth in the Jurisdiction Specific Terms Appendix, and will be deemed delivered as of the date of actual receipt.

To you: your address as provided in our HubSpot Subscription account information for you. We may give electronic notices by general notice via the Subscription Service and may give electronic notices specific to you by email to your e-mail address(es) on record in our account information for you or through the notifications center of the Subscription Service. We may give notice to you by telephone calls to the telephone numbers on record in our account information for you. You must keep all of your account information current.

12.8  Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including the applicable Order), along with our Privacy Policy is the entire agreement between us for the Subscription Service and Consulting Services and supersedes all other proposals and agreements, whether electronic, oral or written, between us. We object to and reject any additional or different terms proposed by you, including those contained in your purchase order, acceptance, supplier portal, or website. Our obligations are not contingent on the delivery of any future functionality or features of the Subscription Service or dependent on any oral or written comments made by us regarding future functionality or features of the Subscription Service. We might make versions of this Agreement available in languages other than English.  If we do, the English version of this Agreement will govern our relationship and the translated version is provided for convenience only and will not be interpreted to modify the English version of this Agreement.

12.9  Assignment. You will not assign or transfer this Agreement without our prior written consent, except that you may assign this Agreement to a successor by reason of merger, reorganization, sale of all or substantially all of your assets, change of control or operation of law. We may assign this Agreement to any HubSpot Affiliate or in the event of merger, reorganization, sale of all or substantially all of our assets, change of control or operation of law.

12.10  No Third Party Beneficiaries. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to or will confer upon any third party person or entity any right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement.

12.11  Contract for Services. This Agreement is a contract for the provision of services and not a contract for the sale of goods. The provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code (UCC), the Uniform Computer Information Transaction Act (UCITA), or any substantially similar legislation as may be enacted, will not apply to this Agreement. If you are located outside of the territory of the United States, the parties agree that the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods will not govern this Agreement or the rights and obligations of the parties under this Agreement.

12.12  Authority. Each party represents and warrants to the other that it has full power and authority to enter into this Agreement and that it is binding upon such party and enforceable in accordance with its terms. You further warrant and represent that you have the authority to procure your Affiliates compliance with the terms of this Agreement.

12.13  Insurance. During the term of this Agreement, we will, at our own cost and expense, obtain and maintain in full force and effect, with reputable insurers having A.M. best ratings of at least A (VII) or better, liability insurance with coverage and minimum limits of liability as follows: (i) Commercial General Liability Insurance (Primary & Umbrella) or equivalent, with minimum limits of $1,000,000 Each Occurrence and $2,000,000 Aggregate; (ii) Workers' Compensation & Employers Liability Insurance (as required by the state), with minimum limits of $500,000 Each Accident, $500,000 Disease-Policy Limit and $500,000 Disease-Each Employee; (iii) Professional Liability (cyber/errors and omissions liability insurance), with a limit of $5,000,000; and (iv) Umbrella/Excess Liability Insurance, with a minimum limit of $2,000,000.

12.14  Survival. The following sections will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement: ‘Definitions,’ ‘Fees,’ ‘Prohibited and Unauthorized Use,’ ‘Termination for Cause,’ ‘Suspension for Prohibited Acts,’ ‘Suspension for Non-Payment,’ ‘Suspension for Present Harm,’ ‘Suspension and Termination of Free Services,’ ‘Effect of Termination or Expiration,’ ‘Intellectual Property,’ ‘Customer’s Proprietary Rights,’ ‘Confidentiality,’ ‘Publicity,’ ‘Indemnification,’ ‘Disclaimers; Limitations of Liability,’ ‘Miscellaneous’ and ‘Contracting Entity and Applicable Law.’  Additionally, the ‘Retrieval of Customer Data’ sections, and the ‘Beta Services’ section of the Product Specific Terms page will survive expiration or termination of this Agreement.

12.15  Precedence. In the event of a conflict between the terms of the Agreement and an Order, the terms of the Order will control, but only as to that Order.

APPENDIX
JURISDICTION SPECIFIC TERMS
Customer Location	HubSpot Contracting Entity	Address for Notices	Governing Law, Jurisdiction, and Additional Terms applicable for the Customer Location

North America or South America

(excluding Canada; excluding Colombia if you’re paying your Subscription Fees in Colombian Pesos)

 

	HubSpot, Inc.	HubSpot, Inc., Two Canal Park, Cambridge, MA 02141, U.S.A., Attention: Legal	N/A
Canada	HubSpot Canada Inc.	HubSpot, Inc., Two Canal Park, Cambridge, MA 02141, U.S.A., Attention: Legal	

https://legal.hubspot.com/jst-canada

 

Colombia

(but only if you’re paying your Subscription Fees in Colombian Pesos)

	HubSpot Latin America S.A.S	HubSpot, Inc., Two Canal Park, Cambridge, MA 02141, U.S.A., Attention: Legal	

https://legal.hubspot.com/jst-colombia

 

Europe (including Russia but excluding the United Kingdom, France, Spain,  Liechtenstein, the Netherlands, and those countries indicated below as being part of the DACH Region), the Middle East, Africa or Antarctica	HubSpot Ireland Limited	HubSpot Ireland Limited, HubSpot House, One Sir John Rogerson's Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland, Attention: Legal, (with copy to HubSpot, Inc.)	

https://legal.hubspot.com/jst-europe

 

Germany, Austria or Switzerland (collectively, the “DACH Region”) or in Liechtenstein	HubSpot Germany GmbH	HubSpot Ireland Limited, HubSpot House, One Sir John Rogerson's Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland, Attention: Legal, (with copy to HubSpot, Inc.)	

https://legal.hubspot.com/jst-germany

 

France	HubSpot France S.A.S.	HubSpot Ireland Limited, HubSpot House, One Sir John Rogerson's Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland, Attention: Legal, (with copy to HubSpot, Inc.)	

https://legal.hubspot.com/jst-france

 

Spain	HubSpot Spain, S.L.	HubSpot Ireland Limited, HubSpot House, One Sir John Rogerson's Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland, Attention: Legal, (with copy to HubSpot, Inc.)	

https://legal.hubspot.com/jst-spain

 

The Netherlands	HubSpot Netherlands B.V.	HubSpot Ireland Limited, HubSpot House, One Sir John Rogerson's Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland, Attention: Legal, (with copy to HubSpot, Inc.)	

https://legal.hubspot.com/jst-netherlands

 

United Kingdom	HubSpot UK Holdings Limited	HubSpot Ireland Limited, HubSpot House, One Sir John Rogerson's Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland, Attention: Legal, (with copy to HubSpot, Inc.)	

https://legal.hubspot.com/jst-united-kingdom

 

Australia or New Zealand	HubSpot Australia Pty Ltd	HubSpot, Inc., Two Canal Park, Cambridge, MA 02141, U.S.A., Attention: Legal	

https://legal.hubspot.com/jst-australia

 

Japan	HubSpot Japan KK	HubSpot, Inc., Two Canal Park, Cambridge, MA 02141, U.S.A., Attention: Legal	

https://legal.hubspot.com/jst-japan

 

India

(available to new customers in India as of the India Jurisdiction Terms Effective Date. Customers in India with an existing Agreement will not automatically change contracting entities)  

	

 

HubSpot India Private Limited

 

	
HubSpot, Inc., Two Canal Park, Cambridge, MA 02141, U.S.A., Attention: Legal	

https://legal.hubspot.com/jst-india

 

Asia-Pacific

(except for the geographic regions already specifically named in this table above)

	HubSpot Asia Pte. Ltd.	HubSpot, Inc., Two Canal Park, Cambridge, MA 02141, U.S.A., Attention: Legal	

https://legal.hubspot.com/jst-asia-pacific

 

 

APPENDIX
U.S. GOVERNMENT CUSTOMER ADDITIONAL TERMS

If you are a U.S. local, state or federal government entity, including public institutions of higher education, that uses the HubSpot Subscription Services (a “Government Customer”), then these HubSpot Government Customer Additional Terms apply. We may update or change these terms in the same way as we can our Agreement as we describe in the ‘Amendment; No Waiver’ section of our General Terms.

These terms apply to the extent required by applicable law.

1. GOVERNMENT CUSTOMER PURPOSE

Government Customer may only use the Subscription Service and Consulting Services for a governmental-related purpose.  These terms will not apply in the event the Subscription Service and/or Consulting Services are used for any private, personal, or non-governmental-related purpose.

2.  INDEMNIFICATION

Government Customer's obligations in the ‘Indemnification’ section of the General Terms will only apply to the extent permitted by applicable law.

3.  LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

The 'Limitation of Liability' sub-section in the ‘Disclaimers; Limitations of Liability’ section of the General Terms applies to the extent permitted by applicable law. The following sentence is also added to the end of the 'Limitation of Liability' sub-section in the ‘Disclaimers; Limitations of Liability’ section of the General Terms if applicable: “ALSO PROVIDED HOWEVER, THIS LIMITATION WILL NOT APPLY TO EITHER PARTIES’ LIABILITY ARISING FROM ITS NEGLIGENCE THAT RESULTS IN BODILY INJURY, DEATH, OR DAMAGE TO TANGIBLE PROPERTY.”

4.  CONTRACTING ENTITY AND APPLICABLE LAW

The ‘Contracting Entity, Applicable Law, Additional Terms’ section of the 'Governing Law and Jurisdiction' section of the General Terms is revised to read as follows:

You are contracting with HubSpot, Inc. and this Agreement is governed by the laws applicable to you as a Government Customer, or if no such laws are specified, then the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, U.S.A., without reference to conflicts of law principles. Government Customer agrees that we have standing and privity of contract to bring a claim directly against Government Customer in a court or body of competent jurisdiction.

Popular Features
All Products and Features
All Products and Features
HubSpot AEO
HubSpot AEO
Free Meeting Scheduler App
Free Meeting Scheduler App
Agent Hub
Agent Hub
Email Tracking Software
Email Tracking Software
AI Content Writer
AI Content Writer
AI Website Generator
AI Website Generator
Email Marketing Software
Email Marketing Software
Lead Management Software
Lead Management Software
AI Prospecting Agent
AI Prospecting Agent
Free Website Builder
Free Website Builder
Landing Pages
Landing Pages
Free Online Form Builder
Free Online Form Builder
Free Chatbot Builder
Free Chatbot Builder
Free Live Chat Software
Free Live Chat Software
Marketing Analytics
Marketing Analytics
Free Landing Page Builder
Free Landing Page Builder
Free Web Hosting
Free Web Hosting
Free Tools
See All Free Business Tools
See All Free Business Tools
AI Search Grader
AI Search Grader
AI Search Sensor
AI Search Sensor
Make My Persona
Make My Persona
Email Signature Generator
Email Signature Generator
Free Business Templates
Free Business Templates
Software Comparisons Library
Software Comparisons Library
Website Templates
Website Templates
Connector for Claude
Connector for Claude
Company
About Us
About Us
Careers
Careers
Management Team
Management Team
Board of Directors
Board of Directors
Investor Relations
Investor Relations
Blog
Blog
Sustainability
Sustainability
Contact Us
Contact Us
Customers
Customer Support
Customer Support
Join a Local User Group
Join a Local User Group
Partners
All Partner Programs
All Partner Programs
Solutions Partner Program
Solutions Partner Program
Technology Partner Program
Technology Partner Program
HubSpot for Startups
HubSpot for Startups
Affiliate Program
Affiliate Program
Facebook
Instagram
Youtube
Twitter
Linkedin
Reddit
Tiktok

Copyright © 2026 HubSpot, Inc.

Legal Center
 
Privacy Policy
 
Security
 
Website Accessibility
 
Manage Cookies
 
 Your Privacy Choices
