SOURCE: https://knowledge.hubspot.com/account-management/export-your-content-and-data
FETCHED: 2026-10-06T10:14:20.178Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
Skip to content
 English 
: Select a language
Go to my account
Get a demo
Get started free
 Knowledge Base
Help Center
Documentation 
Training 
Community 
Blogs 
Knowledge Base
Account & Setup
Account Management
Export your content and data
Export your content and data

Last updated: September 25, 2026

Available with any of the following subscriptions, except where noted:
All products and plans

Learn how to export HubSpot content and data from your account, such as pages, contacts, and files. 

Please note: there is no way to merge all the data between HubSpot accounts. The best way to move assets between accounts is to export your data from a HubSpot account, then import the objects and/or recreate certain data in the other account.

Account data

You can export the following account-related information:

Account activity history.
Export audit logs
Users.

Revenue data
Contracts

Learn how to export contracts.

Credit memos

Learn how to export credit memos.

Invoices

Learn how to export invoices.

Payments
Learn how to export payment records.
Learn how to export payment and payout reports.
Products

Learn how to export your products.

Please note: all HubSpot forms will lose their paid features once your account is deactivated. If you are canceling your account, consider replacing your embedded forms.

Quotes

Learn how to export published quotes.

Subscriptions

Learn how to export subscriptions.

Content
Website and landing pages, posts, and templates
Learn how to export HTML files pages, posts, and templates.
Learn how to export data for pages.
Learn how to export data for posts.
Files tool

Learn how to export files.

HubDB

Learn how to export HubDB data.

Memberships

Learn how to export membership data.

Private content

Learn how to export registration and sign-in activity for your private content.

SEO

Learn how to export SEO data.

Sitemap

Learn how to export your sitemap.

URL redirects

Learn how to export URL redirects.

CRM data
Backups
Learn how to download a backup of your CRM data.
Properties
Learn how to export properties for your objects.
Learn how to export property history.
Records

Learn how to export records such as contacts, companies, deals, tickets, calls, custom objects, and more.

Please note: exporting all your contacts will include unsubscribes. To exclude them, add Contact property | Unsubscribed from all email | is not equal to | True to your filter.

Tasks

Learn how to export your tasks.

Data management
Data quality

Learn how to export the historical values of a property.

Datasets

Learn how to export a dataset.

Data sync

Learn how to export records from a data sync app.

Marketing content

You can export the following marketing assets and their data. You may also want to review the types of marketing reporting data you can export.

Ads campaign data.
Campaign data.
Forms:
Form data using dashboard filters.
Form submission data.
Segments.
Marketing events (can be exported using the Marketing Events API).
Published social posts.
SMS.

Please note: all HubSpot forms will lose their paid features once your account is deactivated. If you are canceling your account, consider replacing your embedded forms.

Reporting
Analytics suites
Learn how to export data from analytics suites.

Goals

Learn how to export goals.

Reports and dashboards

Learn how to export your reports and dashboards.

Please note: a funnel report displays objects that changed stages within the selected date range. However, when you export a funnel report, the export file will contain the objects created in that date range. Hence, the export file will not match the report data.

Marketing email analytics

Learn how to:

Export your marketing email performance data.
Export recipient data for an individual marketing email.
Export hard bounces and unsubscribes.
Calls-to-action (CTA) analytics

Learn how to export CTA data.

Learn how to export your CTA (legacy) analytics.

Please note: all HubSpot CTAs (legacy) will stop functioning once your account is deactivated. If you are canceling your HubSpot account, remove them from any external pages.

Page and blog analytics

Learn how to download your page and blog analytics.

Sales data
Forecasts

Learn how to export forecasting data.

Prospects

To export your prospects data:

In your HubSpot account's global search bar, enter Website Visits.

Click Website Visits.

In the left sidebar menu, click the Options dropdown menu and select Export.

In the dialog box, click the File format dropdown menu to select the file format for the export.
Click Export. Once the export is processed, you'll receive a download link through email and in your notification center.
Sales activity

You can export sales activity data (calls, chat conversations, meetings, etc.) by creating reports with the custom report builder or using HubSpot's Engagements API.

Sales documents

To export an individual sales document:

In your HubSpot account, click More, then navigate to Sales > Documents. If More doesn't appear in your account, navigate to Sales > Documents directly.
Hover over the document you want to download, then click the Actions dropdown menu and select Download. The document will automatically download.
Target accounts

Learn how to export target account reports.

Service data
Customer feedback

Learn how to export customer feedback survey responses.

Customer success

Learn how to export records from the customer success workspace.

Inbox

Inbox data can be exported using the Conversations API to export inbox data. For past chat transcripts, use the Conversations API's relevant conversations or thread endpoints, including authentication and pagination, or manually copy, print/save to PDF, or use a third-party tool.

Knowledge Base
Learn how to export data for articles.
Workflows

You can export a spreadsheet containing information about all of your workflows, and you can export images of individual workflows.

Workflow spreadsheet exports will contain information such as:

The name of the workflow.
Whether or not the workflow is currently active.
Total enrollments and the count of records currently enrolled.
Total records that have joined the workflow goal list and the total conversion rate.
Create date and the user who created the workflow.
Last modification date and the user who modified it.
The workflow type.

Please note: workflows exports don't include performance data or the workflow's history. In addition, workflow exports don't include data from emails used in the workflow. Marketing email exports do include an Associated workflows column which identifies the workflows that an email is being used in. Learn more about exporting your marketing email data.

To export a spreadsheet of all workflows not located in folders:

In your HubSpot account, click More, then navigate to Automation > Workflows. If More doesn't appear in your account, navigate to Automation > Workflows directly.
In the upper right, click the Table actions dropdown menu, and select Export view. The file will download automatically.
To export a spreadsheet of all workflows in a folder: 

In your HubSpot account, click More, then navigate to Automation > Workflows. If More doesn't appear in your account, navigate to Automation > Workflows directly.
Click the name of the folder. 
In the upper right, click the Table actions dropdown menu, and select Export view. The file will download automatically. 

To export an image of an individual workflow:

In your HubSpot account, click More, then navigate to Automation > Workflows. If More doesn't appear in your account, navigate to Automation > Workflows directly.
Click the Workflows tab.
Click the name of a workflow.
In the upper left, click the File dropdown the select Export as .PNG. The export will process, then download as a .png file.

Necessary disclosure:

HubSpot will store workflow action logs data within the below time periods:

180 days: all workflows action log data will be stored.
180 days - 2 years: high level action log data such as object ID (which contact, company, deal, etc.), event type (enrollment, unenrollment, etc.), and action type will be stored.
2 years+: historical data of enrollments will be retained in our system to enable workflow based filters.
Was this article helpful?
Yes No
This form is used for documentation feedback only. Learn how to get help with HubSpot.
0 / 0
Table of contents
Account data
Revenue data
Content
CRM data
Data management
Marketing content
Reporting
Sales data
Service data
Workflows
Related content
Customize your robots.txt file
Copyright © 2026 HubSpot, Inc.
Legal Stuff
Privacy Policy
Manage Cookies
Your Privacy Choices
