SOURCE: https://legal.hubspot.com/hubspot-product-and-services-catalog
FETCHED: 2026-09-26T21:52:02.562Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
×
close

We use cookies to improve HubSpot’s site. Some cookies are necessary for our website and services to function properly. Other cookies are optional and help personalize your experience, including advertising and analytics. You can consent to all cookies, decline all optional cookies, or manage optional cookies. Without a selection, our default cookie settings will apply. You can change your preferences at any time. To learn more, check out our Cookie Policy.

Accept All
Decline All
Manage Cookies
Skip to content
English
Select a language
High Contrast
Customer Support
Contact Sales
Log in
About
About
Products
Products
Solutions
Solutions
Pricing
Resources
Resources
Start free or get a demo
HubSpot's Product & Services Catalog
Looking for more detail about the products and services HubSpot offers, the features associated with those products, and a transparent explanation of any limits that apply? You’ve come to the right place! We even think you’ll find that our “limits” aren’t that limiting at all.

If you have any questions, reach out to your HubSpot representative or call our sales team at +1 888-482-7768.

Software Products, Packaging, and Limits

HubSpot is an agentic customer platform consisting of several premium products — Marketing Hub, Sales Hub, Service Hub, Content Hub, Data Hub, Revenue Hub, as well as Smart CRM, a system of record that unifies customer data across your teams. Below, you’ll find an overview of our pricing, descriptions of each product, a list of features associated with each product package, and any limits that apply.

Pricing Overview 
Products 
Add-Ons & Limit Increases
Technical Limits & Definitions
FAQs
Consulting Services 
Pricing Overview

Pricing for HubSpot’s products varies by product and can be referenced within each individual product section in this catalog. In general, products are available through the purchase of HubSpot Seats, which grant individual users access to specific features. With HubSpot Credits, you can also purchase additional capacity for certain features. Learn more about the different types of HubSpot Seats and HubSpot Credits below.

HubSpot Seats

Connect your teams to HubSpot’s customer platform with HubSpot Seats. HubSpot Seats reflect the manner and level of access your users have to your subscription services. If you have a mix of Starter, Professional, and/or Enterprise products, all your Core Seats will have the highest level of access to features across your purchased subscription services and will be priced based on the highest level of your subscription services. For example, if you’re subscribed to both Marketing Hub Professional and Sales Hub Enterprise, your highest-level subscription would be Enterprise.

	STARTER	PROFESSIONAL	ENTERPRISE

Core Seat
Grants core access to all purchased products, built-in AI with Breeze Assistant, enriched data, and Smart CRM.
	
Access the features available in Starter subscriptions
	
Access the features available in Professional subscriptions*
	
Access the features available in Enterprise subscriptions*

Sales Seat
Grants complete access to Sales Hub Professional or Enterprise, including advanced features built for sellers. Sales Seat functionality also includes Core Seat access. 
	
Not available
	
Full Sales Hub Professional functionality
	
Full Sales Hub Enterprise functionality

Service Seat
Grants complete access to Service Hub Professional or Enterprise, including advanced features built for service teams. Service Seat functionality also includes Core Seat access. 
	
Not available
	
Full Service Hub Professional functionality
	
Full Service Hub Enterprise functionality

Revenue Seat (Previously Commerce Seat)
Grants complete access to Revenue Hub Professional or Enterprise, including advanced CPQ tools. Revenue Seat functionality also includes Core Seat access.
	
Not available
	
Full Revenue Hub Professional functionality
	
Full Revenue Hub Enterprise functionality

View-Only Seat
Allows a user to view the subscription services without making any changes to their account.
	
Available at no additional cost
	
Available at no additional cost
	
Available at no additional cost

Partner Seat
Allows a user to view the subscription services without making any changes to their account.

You agree to grant or confirm a Partner Seat exclusively for HubSpot Solutions Partners you’re actively working with and who need this access to perform services in your subscription services; HubSpot will confirm, deny, or remove Partner Seats in our sole, reasonable discretion.

	
Available at no additional cost
	
Available at no additional cost
	
Available at no additional cost

*Full Sales Hub Professional or Enterprise, Service Hub Professional or Enterprise, and Revenue Hub Professional or Enterprise functionality requires a Sales Seat, Service Seat, or Revenue Seat, respectively.

HubSpot Credits

HubSpot Credits are a simple, flexible way to power AI agents and automation that get work done for you across HubSpot’s customer platform. Your HubSpot Credits reset monthly during your subscription term. Unused credits do not roll over into the following month.

Some HubSpot products include HubSpot Credits at no additional cost. Included credits are applied to your usage before any paid credits and are not additive across products. If you’re a customer with multiple products, you’ll receive the highest available credit allotment based on the highest level of your subscription services. For example, if you’re subscribed to both Marketing Hub Professional and Sales Hub Enterprise, your highest-level subscription would be Enterprise. Learn more in the "Manage HubSpot Credits" knowledge base article, which covers setting credit limits for specific features, monitoring usage, and more.

Included Credits

INCLUDED CREDITS

	STARTER	PROFESSIONAL	ENTERPRISE

Amount of credits granted with your purchase of Smart CRM, Marketing Hub, Sales Hub, Service Hub, Content Hub, or Revenue Hub
	
500 credits
	
3,000 credits
	
5,000 credits

Amount of credits granted with your purchase of Data Hub or Customer Platform*
	
500 credits
	
5,000 credits
	
10,000 credits

*Customer Platform includes the Starter, Professional, or Enterprise edition of HubSpot’s products, bundled together.

Additional Credits

You can choose when and how to add HubSpot Credits to your account at $0.010 per credit. Choose from Pay-as-You-Go for more flexibility, or capacity pack add-ons or upgrades for more credits through your term.  

Pay-as-You-Go

If your credit usage exceeds your monthly limit, you will incur overages at the then-current Pay-as-You-Go price per-credit, invoiced monthly after they're incurred in increments of ten (10) credits at our per-credit rate for your current month. On your reset date, your account will automatically go back to your original monthly credit limit instead of staying at the higher credit tier for the rest of your commitment term.   

ADDITIONAL CREDITS

	PRICING

Pay-as-You-Go
	
$0.010 per credit, invoiced in increments of 10 credits

Capacity Pack

Increase your subscription’s credit limit for the remainder of your commitment term by packs of 1,000 credits per month as an add-on through checkout, or through automatic upgrades if you configure this choice. If credit usage scales beyond your monthly limit, your account will automatically be upgraded for the remainder of your term so you can keep working without interruption. 

ADDITIONAL CREDITS	PRICING

Capacity pack
	
$10 USD per additional capacity pack of 1,000 credits

HubSpot Credits Rate Sheet

The HubSpot Credits Rate Sheet lists the credits used for individual features and actions to help you estimate your usage. Features may consume credits in two ways: 

Per action, meaning features generating outputs at the time of request use credits as listed actions occur.
Per recurrence, meaning features with recurring outputs use credits both upon activation, and monthly for the remainder of your subscription term so long as the feature is enabled. Please note, features supporting recurring outputs may consume credits at the amount(s) reflected in the HubSpot Credits Rate Sheet on different days during the month based on your account configuration.  

Credit rates in the rate sheet apply when a listed feature becomes available and is used in your account. Credits consumed by actions in the rate sheet may also be subject to other applicable service charges. For example, an agent feature uses credits, but it may also consume telephony minutes or SMS messages required by those services at additional service charges.

Some automated, bulk, and high-volume features consume credits at a faster rate, which may accelerate overall credit usage.

AI Agents
FEATURE	ACTION	CREDITS
Customer agent	Resolve one conversation (text-based channels)	50
Data agent	Generate response to one prompt for one record	10
Prospecting agent	Recommend outreach for one lead	100
Content agent (Beta)	Generate one piece of content	1000
Custom agents (Beta)	Use one action unit*	1
Customer agent (Beta)	Hold one minute of voice conversation	50
Knowledge Base Agent (Beta)	Generate one new knowledge base article	200
Nurture agent (Beta)	Personalize one email for a contact	10
Revenue agent (Beta)	Start payment collection outreach for one invoice	500

*Custom agents run prompts on your behalf, which is measured in “action units.” The total number of action units required for your prompts will determine the number of credits consumed. You can review the estimated credits when you test the custom agent during setup.

HubSpot Work
FEATURE	ACTION	CREDITS
Work agents (Beta)	Use one action unit*	1
*Work agents run prompts on your behalf, which is measured in “action units.” The total number of action units required for your prompts will determine the number of credits consumed. You can review the estimated credits when you test the custom agent during setup.
AI Automation
FEATURE	ACTION	CREDITS
Workflows	Execute one AI action in a workflow	10
Buyer Intent
FEATURE	ACTION	CREDITS
Intent	Enable intent signals to create company and/or monitor company for one month	10
Intent (Beta)	Create one company record from market segments	10
Intent (Beta)	Monitor one company for one custom signal for one month	50
Data Studio
FEATURE	ACTION	CREDITS
Data studio (Beta)	Each use of a dataset in a workflow, segment, CRM sync, or export* (fewer than 500k rows in primary source)	25
Data studio (Beta)	Each use of a dataset in a workflow, segment, CRM sync, or export* (500k to 5 million rows in primary source)	75
Data studio (Beta)	Each use of a dataset in a workflow, segment, CRM sync, or export* (more than 5 million rows in primary source)	200

*Using a dataset in a report does not consume credits.

 

Free Tools

HubSpot offers a collection of free tools as part of its customer platform. These tools include “lite” versions of select features in our paid products as well as our free Smart CRM functionality, which serves as the underlying database that powers each HubSpot product. You’ll get incredible insight into every contact so you can build deeper relationships with your buyers at scale. (Note that additional Smart CRM features, functionality, and limits are available in our premium products.) HubSpot’s free tools are available as a single free edition (with up to two free users), and they’re also included in every edition of our premium products.

FREE TOOLS
Free
Contact management

Build views and run automated actions to easily manage your contacts and data.

Contact website activity

Get insight into what a contact is doing on your website. See page views, form submissions, sales activity, and more, all in one place.

Companies

Store records for every company in your database. View all your company details and communications in a single place.

Deals

Store, track, manage, and report on the deals (sometimes referred to as “opportunities”) your sales team is working.

Tasks & activities

Store, track, manage, and report on the tasks and activities that make up your relationships with customers.

Gmail, Outlook, and Microsoft Exchange integrations

Connect HubSpot to your Gmail, Outlook, or Microsoft Exchange inbox to send emails from your HubSpot account, and access dozens of other useful, time-saving tools.

Support for select versions of Outlook. Gmail integration involves connection with other Google Workspace tools. Microsoft Exchange support requires an on-premise server running Exchange 2010 SP2 or above, and is for personal connected inboxes only.
HubSpot Marketplace

Discover apps, templates, AI agents and assistants, solutions partners, and more through AI-powered recommendations. Search by use case, explore trending tools, and unify your tech stack in HubSpot.

Compatible apps, themes, and agents.
Custom support form fields

Add custom fields to your support forms to gather the right information for your team, and generate tickets.

Ticketing

Log customer issues as tickets. They can then be assigned to team members, organized and prioritized, and tracked in a central location.

Prospects

Use the prospects tool to see which companies are visiting your site, and see any available insights about them, too.

Forms

Create standalone, embedded, and collected forms to gather the contact details that your business needs.

Includes HubSpot branding.
Form automation

Automate what happens after a form is submitted to convert and nurture leads, and triage support tickets.

1 automated email per form.
Email automation

Segment and personalize your marketing with automated email nurturing.

1 automated action.
Ad management

Connect accounts from Google, Meta, Microsoft, TikTok, Reddit, LinkedIn, and ChatGPT to your HubSpot account. Create audiences from your HubSpot contacts database, and see which ads are generating customers.

Requires native accounts and ad purchases through each individual ad network. Access to contact list audience functionality is dependent on your account health as determined by us, and is subject to the terms and conditions as specified by each ad network.

Limited to 3 connected accounts across any supported network. Website audience creation only.
Ad retargeting

Show ads to users who have visited your website. Retarget ads on Facebook, Google, or LinkedIn.

Includes all available ad types and website retargeting. Requires native accounts and ad purchases through each individual ad network.
Shared inbox

Set up a shared inbox — for all incoming email and live chats — that your whole team can work from, easily managing 1-to-1 communications at scale.

Limited to 1 inbox.
Mobile inbox

Access your shared inbox in the HubSpot mobile app. Stay productive on the go with the tools you need to collaborate and provide support efficiently.

Limited to 1 inbox.
Reporting dashboard

Get data on your marketing, sales, and customer service performance. Use the data to know how you're doing and where to improve.

10 dashboards, 50 reports per dashboard.
Segment analytics (Beta)

Understand the journey, makeup, and activation insights of your various audience segments with tools and reports that compare performance from one group to another, and identify overlaps across each segment.

Filter insights in segments (Beta)

Get helpful statistics about the makeup of each filter as you build audience segments.

Email tracking and notifications

Track and log 1:1 emails and receive real-time notifications when emails are opened.

Limited to 200 notifications per month.
Email templates

Save and reuse your most helpful emails. Share them with your team for faster and more consistent communication.

Up to 3 email templates per account.
Canned snippets

Create a bank of reusable answers for frequently asked questions that you can quickly add to live chats or emails to save time and help customers faster.

Up to 3 snippets per account.
Meeting scheduling

Share a link with contacts that lets them see when you're free and book meetings with you, cutting out those tedious 'what time works best for you' emails.

Maximum of 1 personal meeting link. Includes HubSpot branding.
Conversational bots

Use a bot to connect visitors to the right rep, route visitors to the most helpful content, and scale 1-to-1 communications.

Limited to ticket creation, lead qualification, and meeting booking bots, with no custom branching logic.
Live chat

Chat 1-to-1 with visitors as they browse your site, and give them the information they need about your business.

Includes HubSpot branding.
Channel switching

Allow live chat agents to switch their communication channel with customers from live chat or Facebook Messenger to email, while still keeping the conversation open and on the same thread.

Team email

Connect team-wide email addresses to your shared inbox to manage incoming sales and marketing questions. No more questions slipping through the cracks.

Pipelines

Keep track of how records (e.g., deals, tickets, projects, etc.) move through your processes with customizable pipelines.

1 HubSpot-provided pipeline per object type.
Landing pages

Create responsive landing pages built to convert using our drag-and-drop editor.

Up to 30 landing pages. Includes HubSpot branding.
Website pages

Create responsive website pages with built-in assets and editors, or work with developers to create custom pages that still keep editing simple.

Up to 30 website pages. Includes HubSpot branding. Favicon is not customizable.
Email marketing

Send bulk emails that are tested and optimized for different devices. Create better emails with a drag-and-drop editor and personalization tokens.

2,000 email sends per calendar month, with HubSpot branding. Emails sent at 1,000 emails per second.
Marketing email templates

Access a library of professionally designed, responsive, and customizable email templates designed for common marketing use cases such as newsletters, promotions, event invitations, ecommerce communications, and more.

Basic templates including plain text, newsletter, welcome, and promotion templates.
CRM segments

Create static or dynamically updating audience segments based on various criteria using properties in your HubSpot database. Use them to power more personalized content in email, on the web, and more.

Up to 10 active CRM segments and 1,000 static CRM segments. CRM segmentation criteria limited to form submission data, contact property information, and marketing email activity.
Facebook Messenger integration

Automatically capture contact information, have two-way communications with your audience, create chatbots, book meetings with bots, and report on chat volume through Facebook Messenger.

Send and receive simple messages and quick replies.
Custom properties

Associate specific data points with contacts, companies, and deals.

10 custom properties in total.
HubSpot mobile app

Work and sell from anywhere with the HubSpot mobile app. Highlights include business card scanning, caller ID, and more. Available for iOS and Android.

Data sync

Automatically sync data two ways between HubSpot and dozens of popular third-party apps. Only available for select HubSpot-built integrations.

Historical sync

Sync your existing data to HubSpot right away, and pass updates between connected third-party apps as they occur.

Default field mappings

Connect matching information from connected third-party apps to HubSpot using HubSpot's standard fields.

Email reply tracking

Track which contacts responded to each email sent through the HubSpot email tool. Use that data in reporting, segments, automation (for Professional and Enterprise paid editions only), and view it on the contact timeline.

Email health reporting

Use email health data to keep track of your email sending reputation and determine if you’re on track, if you can improve, or if you need to take action.

Does not include data-based recommendations
Marketing events object

Store, track, and manage marketing event data from the API or an event integration.

1-to-1 email

Send emails to individual contacts directly within the contact record, or directly within the associated company, deal, ticket, or custom object record.

Includes HubSpot branding.
User management

Add new users, or deactivate or remove existing users from your HubSpot account.

Custom user permissions

Set and edit the level of access for each new or existing user. Control what tools they can use and whether they can view, edit, or communicate with different object records. Manage access to select CRM activities to establish operating boundaries. At any time, export and view all users and their permissions.

Slack integration

Create tasks, get notifications, see and share contacts — directly in Slack. No more switching between tools.

Drag-and-drop editor

Easily create, edit, and publish pages across your website, landing pages, and blog using a visual drag-and-drop editor that requires no custom code to use.

Mobile optimization

Create content that looks good on multiple device types, and see it before it goes out.

Blog

Create search engine-optimized content for your blog based on best practices, and scale your content production.

One blog on the same subdomain as your website. Up to 100 blog posts, 20 authors, and 50 tags. Includes HubSpot branding.
Design manager

Build custom templates and styles. Create custom JavaScript, HTML, HubL, and CSS assets right where the pages are published.

Connect a custom domain

Use your own domain to gain search authority. Host landing pages, blogs, and website pages on HubSpot by connecting your domain via the domain manager.

Subdomain and country code top-level domain availability

Connect your HubSpot account to a subdomain and/or country code top-level domain of a single brand's URL to host landing pages, blog posts, and other content you create inside your account.

1 subdomain and 1 country code top-level domain on 1 root domain.
Built-in AMP (Accelerated Mobile Pages) support for blogs

Get built-in Google AMP support for all blog content to help ensure a good mobile experience and SEO.

Website themes

Pick a theme to easily change the look and feel of your entire site globally, out-of-the-box. Developers can design a theme folder of pre-built modules, styles, and layouts to keep your website consistent at all times.

Local website development

Develop on HubSpot using the tools, technologies, and workflows you prefer. Use tools like GitHub or popular front-end frameworks to handle version control.

Advanced menus

Update your site’s navigation in one central place to implement changes across your entire site.

Multi-language content creation

Create multi-language versions of website pages, landing pages, and blog posts. In-language variants of a specific page will automatically be associated together, making your content easier to manage as you scale. See HubSpot’s supported languages.

Up to 3 HubSpot-supported languages.
Site export

Export an HTML file of all your pages and web assets.

Blog import

Quickly bring over blog content from a different platform into HubSpot.

Blog export

Export a CSV file of all your blog posts.

Website traffic analytics

See how your content is performing with detailed filters like bounce rate, average time on page, and more.

Standard web analytics dashboard.
Premium hosting

Host your content and files on a fully managed and optimized infrastructure that scales with your business. Includes standard SSL certificate, content delivery network (CDN), web application firewall (WAF), and 24/7 security monitoring and threat detection.

Website structure import

Import the URL slug, title, and meta description for each of your external pages into HubSpot.

Custom domain security settings

Allow your IT teams to manage the security of your HubSpot-hosted content, dictating how external visitors access your website for maximum protection.

SEO recommendations & optimizations

Identify SEO issues across your website, and learn how to optimize your pages to get more organic traffic.

Basic recommendations.
Content library

Create a centralized repository of your digital content, where site visitors, prospects, or existing customers can download files, access marketing content, or view external sites and portfolios.

Includes content library module, with HubSpot branding.
Automatically-generated XML sitemap

Sitemaps help search engine web crawlers determine the structure of your site so they can crawl it more intelligently.

Apex hosting and redirects

Host your website pages, landing pages, and blog posts on your root domain (e.g. https://hubspot.com). Redirect from your root domain to a subdomain (https://hubspot.com >> https://www.hubsp.com) and vice versa.

Calling SDK

Integrate VOIP providers like AirCall with the communicator on the contact timeline. No extensions or plugins required.

Product library

Create a product library showcasing your company’s goods or services. Add descriptions, images, pricing, availability, and more.

Up to 100 products.
Stripe payment processing

Start accepting payments alongside your HubSpot CRM by integrating your Stripe account as your payment processor. For each transaction, HubSpot will add a 0.75% platform fee on top of Stripe’s transaction fee for the use of Revenue Hub tools to create a payment experience. Subject to additional terms.

Simple revenue reporting

Monitor the health of your revenue with a simple, out-of-the-box dashboard that includes reports on revenue over time, customers over time, revenue split by payment type, and revenue by sales rep.

Available to customers with a connected payments account.
QuickBooks Online integration

Seamlessly sync invoice and payment information to and from your QuickBooks Online account.

Xero integration (Beta)

Seamlessly sync invoice and payment information to and from your Xero account.

Invoices

Quickly turn quotes into cash with invoices sent directly from your HubSpot CRM. Stay on top of invoices with overdue invoice tracking and management.

E-invoices (Beta)

Send e-invoices directly from HubSpot. Only available in Belgium and Germany.

Available to customers with an integrated Stripe account.
Contracts

Automatically create contract objects, manage changes and renewals, and track ACV, ARR, and MRR with complete visibility.

Automated invoice reminders

Automatically follow up on open invoices with scheduled emails that eliminate manual tracking.

Payment links

Create simple yet powerful payment links that enable you to sell from anywhere — your website, forms, email, and more.

Available to customers with a connected payments account.
Subscriptions

Collect, manage, and report on recurring payments directly alongside your HubSpot CRM.

Subscription retries

Automatically retry failed subscription payments to prevent lost revenue.

Available to customers with a connected payments account.
B2B checkout

Create a mobile-optimized checkout experience for your customers featuring an order summary, customizable fields, and any additional terms included in the checkout description. Data captured is automatically added to your HubSpot CRM.

Available to customers with a connected payments account.
Default checkout fees

Add a fee to checkout based on how your customers choose to pay. Set up a fee that applies to specific payment methods or a fee that is automatically applied to all your transactions.

Available to customers with a connected payments account.
Stored payment methods

Speed up payments with stored credit card and ACH details for invoices and subscriptions.

Available to customers with a connected payments account.
Cookie management tools

Create and manage cookie banners on your website to capture tracking consent from your website visitors.

Create up to 100 consent banners with different geotargeting rules, languages, and banner templates. Includes support for GPC signals. Allow visitors to update their consent preferences with the cookie settings button.
Social logins

Let users sign in to HubSpot using the Google or Microsoft social login, making it easy for them to log in while enhancing security and your control over who has access.

CRM import

Allows customers to import CRM data into HubSpot.

Up to 50 imports/day and 500K rows/day.
CRM export

Allows customers to export CRM data from HubSpot.

Up to 300 total exports/day and 30 exports/day via API.
Breeze Assistant

An AI-powered assistant available everywhere you go in HubSpot. With Breeze Assistant, you can get personalized insights and recommendations about leads, customers, and engagements; generate content; and get routine tasks done quickly in your HubSpot Smart CRM.

Set target markets

Identify your target markets using key company attributes like industry, company location, employee range, and more. See how many companies are in your target market(s) and total addressable market, and your percentage of market penetration. Edit, clone, save, or delete target markets to adapt with evolving business strategies.

Company keywords filter

Use 1,500+ company keywords to refine your target markets, including industries, business type, specific keywords, and more.

Set intent criteria

Choose which criteria are most important for signaling intent by selecting specific pages on your site, minimum required number of visits, recency of that visit activity, and more.

Intent orchestration

See an interactive list of high-fit companies showing intent and take immediate action. Filter by companies in your target market(s), website visit time frame, traffic source, specific pageviews, lifecycle stage, deal stage, and more.

Up to 10 companies with the most visits for any view.
Intelligence tab

Use the intelligence tab to quickly and conveniently understand the visit activity and data hygiene of any company in your HubSpot Smart CRM directly within the company record.

Limited firmographic data.
Buyer intent overview

The intent funnel shows you a visual look of your total addressable market (TAM), who from that TAM is showing intent, and which of those companies are currently engaged with your company and are in your HubSpot Smart CRM. You can also see a list of top high-fit, high-intent companies with the ability to quick-add them to your Smart CRM. Plus, break down your TAM even further with a market penetration view.

Without the ability to quick-add them to your HubSpot Smart CRM.
Data test

See the percentage of data enrichment coverage available for your contact and company records.

Top visitor email digests

Send daily, weekly, or monthly email digests highlighting buyer intent from companies with the most website visits.

Record timeline

Access the activity history for each record in your HubSpot Smart CRM.

Limited to activities in the past 30 days.
Flat rate pricing

Configure flat rate pricing — where customers pay a fixed amount for products and services — and easily add discounts.

Tax rates

Create and apply tax rates to individual line items across quotes, deals, payment links, invoices, and subscriptions. Build a tax library with multiple tax rates to ensure accurate pricing and billing for different products and services.

Products API

Manage your product catalog programmatically with the products API. Import, update, and sync product data between HubSpot and external systems to keep your product library current across platforms.

Google PMax ads integration

Integrate with Google’s new Performance Max ad type, supporting PMax campaign creation and in-depth reporting of asset groups and assets.

Non-pipeline board visualization for CRM index pages (Beta)

Visualize CRM records — such as contacts, companies, deals, tickets, custom objects, etc. — grouped by any property for a flexible, board-style layout that enhances the way users can segment and interact with their data.

Standard CRM interface configuration

Match the layout of your CRM data to your team's needs by configuring existing elements of the CRM interface.

Create up to 10 custom tabs on record pages.
Projects

Manage projects in the same place your customer data lives and your go-to-market team already works.

Credit memos

Create credit memos and apply them directly to invoices to accurately manage adjustments and overpayments.

App objects

Store data from installed app integrations directly inside HubSpot as unique, app-specific objects, making HubSpot the central place for all your business information. Use this data in workflows, segments, and reports just like any other standard HubSpot object.

Conversational context

Get an automatic analysis of your conversations, turning them into structured insights in your CRM that power smarter AI, better reporting, and more targeted segments.

25 conversational records per account per month.
AI invoice prioritization

Use AI to prioritize open invoices by revenue impact and draft personalized collection emails to follow up on overdue payments.

HubSpot capital financing — powered by Stripe

Access working capital in as little as 1-2 business days based on your payment history.

Available to U.S. and UK customers using HubSpot payments or Stripe payment processing.
Additional Limits of Free Tools
Up to 1,000 contacts in free accounts
Up to 1 million records for all other standard objects types per account in free accounts
Additional limits not listed above may apply and be designated from within the product itself

Smart CRM

HubSpot’s CRM software is an AI-powered system of record connecting all your HubSpot products. It's customizable for your unique business needs, leverages real-time insights to make smart recommendations, and serves as the underlying database that unifies your customer data across your teams. 

Smart CRM features are automatically included with the purchase of the Starter, Professional, or Enterprise edition of any premium product. Smart CRM is also available to purchase as a standalone product, available in three editions — Starter, Professional, or Enterprise. There is also select CRM functionality in our free tools.

SMART CRM STARTER
Starts at $20/month per seat
Additional Core Seats (Starter) available for $20/month per seat. See additional seat types in the “Pricing Overview” section.
SMART CRM PROFESSIONAL
Starts at $50/month per seat
Additional Core Seats (Professional) available for $50/month per seat. See additional seat types in the “Pricing Overview” section.
SMART CRM ENTERPRISE
Starts at $75/month per seat
Additional Core Seats (Enterprise) available for $75/month per seat. See additional seat types in the “Pricing Overview” section.
All Free Tools

Smart CRM includes access to all the free tools listed in the “Free Tools” table above.

Reporting dashboard

Get data on your marketing, sales, and customer service performance. Use the data to know how you're doing and where to improve.

Limits for this feature vary by product. Refer to the feature limits specified in the table for the product(s) you're purchasing.
Limits for this feature vary by product. Refer to the feature limits specified in the table for the product(s) you're purchasing.
Limits for this feature vary by product. Refer to the feature limits specified in the table for the product(s) you're purchasing.
Shared inbox

Set up a shared inbox — for all incoming email and live chats — that your whole team can work from, easily managing 1-to-1 communications at scale.

Limits for this feature vary by product. Refer to the feature limits specified in the table for the product(s) you're purchasing.
Limits for this feature vary by product. Refer to the feature limits specified in the table for the product(s) you're purchasing.
Limits for this feature vary by product. Refer to the feature limits specified in the table for the product(s) you're purchasing.
Facebook Messenger integration

Automatically capture contact information, have two-way communications with your audience, create chatbots, book meetings with bots, and report on chat volume through Facebook Messenger.

Remove HubSpot branding.
Includes advanced Messenger bot branching and advanced reporting.
Includes the ability to use code snippets for custom Messenger bot actions.
Custom properties

Associate specific data points with contacts, companies, and deals.

1,000 custom properties per object.
1,000 custom properties per object.
1,000 custom properties per object.
Slack integration

Create tasks, get notifications, see and share contacts — directly in Slack. No more switching between tools.

Multiple currencies

Track and manage multiple currencies in your HubSpot account.

Up to 5 currencies.
Up to 30 currencies.
Up to 200 currencies.
Documents

Build a library of resources and collateral that you can easily share with customers. Get insight into when and where they are most engaged.

Up to 5,000 documents per account. Remove HubSpot branding.
Up to 5,000 documents per account. Remove HubSpot branding.
Up to 5,000 documents per account. Remove HubSpot branding.
Required fields

Define fields that must be completed by your team when certain actions are taken. Get more consistent data, and more predictable outcomes.

Permission sets

Quickly configure user permissions, such as access to templates, playbooks, or call transcription.

Permission templates only.
Permission templates only.
Customize and save your own permission sets.
CRM import

Allows customers to import CRM data into HubSpot.

Up to 500 imports/day, 10M rows/day via UI, and 80M rows/day via API.
Up to 500 imports/day, 10M rows/day via UI, and 80M rows/day via API.
Up to 500 imports/day, 10M rows/day via UI, and 80M rows/day via API.
Record timeline

Access the activity history for each record in your HubSpot Smart CRM.

View full history of activities.
View full history of activities.
View full history of activities.
Object tags

Create rules that automatically apply color-coded tags to objects in your subscription, appearing on the board view, table view, and record page.

20 tags.
40 tags.
80 tags.
Prospecting agent

Build a qualified sales pipeline with an AI-powered prospecting agent that researches and delivers personalized outreach strategies per lead. Prospecting agent consumes HubSpot Credits. Enrichment feature.

Data agent

Keep your CRM up-to-date with an AI-powered agent that tracks buying signals, finds good-fit companies, and updates your data using information in your CRM and the web. Data agent consumes HubSpot Credits.

Monitor and/or create companies with intent signals, build custom signals, and update data with AI.
Use intent and custom signals in workflows and company lead scores. Analyze, summarize, and categorize records with AI in workflows.
Use intent and custom signals in workflows and company lead scores. Analyze, summarize, and categorize records with AI in workflows.
Revenue agent (Beta)

Automate invoice collection outreach by monitoring open invoices, creating intelligent action plans like scheduling and sending follow-up emails, and reacting to invoice events and customer replies — all with human approval. Revenue agent consumes HubSpot Credits.

Agent builder

Build custom agents and automations — powered by your customer data — all in one visual builder.

Build and deploy custom agents with simple automation tailored to your business.
Build and deploy custom agents with advanced automation and event-based triggers.
Build and deploy custom agents with advanced automation and event-based triggers.
E-invoices (Beta)

Send e-invoices directly from HubSpot. Only available in Belgium and Germany.

Available to customers with an integrated Stripe account.
Available to customers with an integrated Stripe account.
Available to customers with an integrated Stripe account.
Market segments (Beta)

Define target markets and add new companies from these markets/TAMs directly to your CRM. Enrichment feature.

AI-powered data formatting recommendations (Beta)

Use AI to keep your CRM data clean, consistent, and reliable.

Automatic enrichment

Automatically enrich companies and contacts when you add them to your HubSpot Smart CRM with key attributes like location, role, seniority, employee range, and revenue. Enrichment feature.

Bulk enrichment

Enrich entire segments or single records in your HubSpot Smart CRM with key attributes like location, roles, and social media links using simple controls to ensure you get the right data at the right time. Enrichment feature.

Data test

See the percentage of data enrichment coverage available for your contact and company records. Enrichment feature.

Segment enrichment

Enrich entire contact or company segments with one-click enrichment that can update thousands of records instantly. Enrichment feature.

Enrichment workflow actions

Automate data enrichment with workflow triggers that update your contact and company records exactly when you need them. Enrichment feature.

Continuous data enrichment

Automatically get new data updates for your enriched companies and contacts as soon as they're available. Enrichment feature.

Company enrichment

Enrich company records with key attributes like annual revenue, industry, employee range, address, social media pages, and more. Enrichment feature.

Contact enrichment

Enrich contact records with key attributes like role, employer, location, social media links, and more. Enrichment feature.

Form shortening

Dynamically shorten your forms with the data enrichment database while still collecting the data you need to understand, score, and route your leads with speed and precision. Enrichment feature.

Intelligence tab

Use the intelligence tab to quickly and and conveniently understand the visit activity and data hygiene of any company in your HubSpot Smart CRM directly within the company record. Enrichment feature.

Smart properties

Leverage AI to research and answer questions about your contact and company records, drawing from your CRM data, calls, emails, and the web. Review and approve each answer before it's saved to the record. Enrichment feature.

Intent signals

Track your highest-value companies and contacts, enriching them with signals like funding announcements, high-intent page visits, and job changes. Enrichment feature.

Custom signals (Beta)

Monitor buying triggers specific to your business. Describe signals in your account in plain language, and HubSpot will research tracked accounts and fire events when they're detected, driving the same workflows, alerts, and segments your CRM already manages.

Intent orchestration

See an interactive list of high-fit companies showing intent and take immediate action. Filter by companies in your target market(s), website visit time frame, traffic source, specific page views, lifecycle stage, deal stage, and more. Some intent functionality may consume HubSpot Credits. Enrichment feature.

Automate actions from buyer intent

Trigger workflows by adding companies identified in buyer intent to segments. Some intent functionality may consume HubSpot Credits. Enrichment feature.

Buyer intent overview

The intent funnel shows you a visual look of your total addressable market (TAM), who from that TAM is showing intent, and which of those companies are currently engaged with your company and are in your HubSpot Smart CRM. You can also see a list of top high-fit, high-intent companies with the ability to quick-add them to your Smart CRM. Plus, break down your TAM even further with a market penetration view. Some intent functionality may consume HubSpot Credits. Enrichment feature.

Auto-add companies

Automatically add companies from your buyer intent overview to your HubSpot Smart CRM, static segments, and workflows. Some intent functionality may consume HubSpot Credits. Enrichment feature.

High-intent page recommendations

Build your intent criteria with recommended page paths based on HubSpot lifecycle or deal stage conversion data. Some intent functionality may consume HubSpot Credits. Enrichment feature.

Recent visitor email digests

Send daily, weekly, or monthly email digests highlighting buyer intent from recent website visitors. Some intent functionality may consume HubSpot Credits. Enrichment feature.

Intent custom property

Create a custom company property that tells you which companies in your Smart CRM are showing intent. Some intent functionality may consume HubSpot Credits. Enrichment feature.

Top visitor email digests

Send daily, weekly, or monthly email digests highlighting buyer intent from companies with the most website visits. Some intent functionality may consume HubSpot Credits. Enrichment feature.

Intent automation

Automate lead generation by auto-adding high-intent companies to your CRM, segments, and workflows. Some intent functionality may consume HubSpot Credits. Enrichment feature.

Research intent

Identify companies who are researching topics relevant to what your business sells. Analyzes topics across 200K websites. Some intent functionality may consume HubSpot Credits. Enrichment feature.

Data quality overview (Beta)

Monitor your CRM data health and take quick action to fix duplicates, formatting issues, and missing data from one centralized place that keeps your teams and AI working with clean, reliable information.

Scan account for data quality issues every 2 weeks.
Scan account for data quality issues daily.
Scan account for data quality issues daily.
Calendar visualization for CRM index pages (Beta)

Organize CRM data with visual calendar layouts that centralize tasks, deals, and renewals management.

Non-pipeline board visualization for CRM index pages (Beta)

Visualize CRM records — such as contacts, companies, deals, tickets, custom objects, etc. — grouped by any property for a flexible, board-style layout that enhances the way users can segment and interact with their data.

Report visualization for CRM index pages (Beta)

Analyze CRM data with embedded reporting on index pages that delivers immediate insights without switching tools.

Standard CRM interface configuration

Match the layout of your CRM data to your team's needs by configuring existing elements of the CRM interface.

Create up to 10 custom tabs on record pages.
Create up to 1,000 team views across record pages and preview sidebars, up to 50 views on index pages per user, and up to 10 custom tabs.
Create up to 1,000 team views across record pages and preview sidebars, up to 50 views on index pages per user, and up to 10 custom tabs.
Projects

Manage projects in the same place your customer data lives and your go-to-market team already works.

Pipelines

Keep track of how records (e.g., deals, tickets, projects, etc.) move through your processes with customizable pipelines.

15 total pipelines per account across object types.
100 total pipelines per account across object types.
350 total pipelines per account across object types.
Custom domains — invoices

Use your own domain for invoices to deliver a seamless customer experience and ensure brand consistency.

HubSpot payments account required for invoice checkout functionality.
HubSpot payments account required for invoice checkout functionality.
HubSpot payments account required for invoice checkout functionality.
Custom domains — payment links

Use your own domain for payment links to deliver a seamless customer experience and ensure brand consistency.

HubSpot payments account required.
HubSpot payments account required
HubSpot payments account required.
HubSpot capital financing — powered by Stripe

Access working capital in as little as 1-2 business days based on your payment history.

Available to U.S. and UK customers using HubSpot payments or Stripe payment processing.
Available to U.S. and UK customers using HubSpot payments or Stripe payment processing.
Available to U.S. and UK customers using HubSpot payments or Stripe payment processing.
Conversational context

Get an automatic analysis of your conversations, turning them into structured insights in your CRM that power smarter AI, better reporting, and more targeted segments.

50 conversational records per paid seat per month. Total limit enforced at the account level: [Number of paid seats x 50] conversational records per month.
250 conversational records per paid seat per month. Total limit enforced at the account level: [Number of paid seats x 250] conversational records per month.
350 conversational records per paid seat per month. Total limit enforced at the account level: [Number of paid seats x 350] conversational records per month.
App objects

Store data from installed app integrations directly inside HubSpot as unique, app-specific objects, making HubSpot the central place for all your business information. Use this data in workflows, segments, and reports just like any other standard HubSpot object.

Tasks & activities

Store, track, manage, and report on the tasks and activities that make up your relationships with customers.

Repeating tasks

Automate tasks and activities to manage your customer relationships and projects.

Contracts

Automatically create contract objects, manage changes and renewals, and track ACV, ARR, and MRR with complete visibility.

AI transcript enrichment (Beta)

Automatically enrich your company and contact records with firmographic and demographic insights captured from call transcripts by AI.

HubSpot Work (Beta)

Manage projects, documents, and tasks using AI-powered work management tools built into your HubSpot CRM. Describe what you need in plain language, and AI can generate project tables, forms, and automations from a single prompt. Your CRM data is already connected, so work agents can act on real customer context without syncs or manual setup.

Limited automation.
Full automation.
Full automation.
Work agents (Beta)

Build AI agents within HubSpot Work (Beta) that execute your projects, tasks, and workflows for you. Work agents are optimized for work management and can run via the chat interface or operate in the background on your behalf. AI-powered work agents consume HubSpot Credits.

Limited automation.
Full automation.
Full automation.
Duplicate management

Use artificial intelligence to identify and merge duplicate records.

Teams

Organize your account by teams. You can rotate leads, sort through content, and easily report on each team's performance.

Up to 10 teams.
Up to 300 teams plus ways to organize them.
Custom reporting

Build custom reports that leverage contact, company, and deal data from your contacts database alongside sales activity data, so you can answer key business questions in one place.

Limits for this feature vary by product. Refer to the feature limits specified in the table for the product(s) you're purchasing.
Limits for this feature vary by product. Refer to the feature limits specified in the table for the product(s) you're purchasing.
Custom events

Track actions unique to your business from your website, app, or other tools. Event data will be available in the custom report builder, customer journey analytics, segments, workflows, and on the activity timeline. Includes codeless creation via the event visualizer.

Limited to 500 event definitions and 10 million completions per month.
Limited to 500 event definitions and 30 million completions per month.
Calculated properties

Create fields that roll up data from other fields, build custom equations, and sync data between records.

40 calculated properties.
200 calculated properties.
Association labels

Create custom association labels for different pairs of standard CRM objects (i.e. contacts, companies, deals, and tickets) to specify the relationship between those objects.

Up to 50 labels for associations between each object pair (e.g., 50 labels for contacts and deals, 50 labels for companies and contacts, etc.).
Up to 50 labels for associations between each object pair (e.g., 50 labels for contacts and deals, 50 labels for companies and contacts, etc.).
Presets

As an admin, easily configure users and teams within your HubSpot account. Create email signatures, manage notifications, and choose defaults such as home screen, dashboard, language, and date and number format.

Up to 5 presets.
Up to 100 presets.
Salesforce integration

Keep your Salesforce and HubSpot data in sync and up-to-date. Take sales actions right from records inside Salesforce.

Up to 500 field mappings per object, and up to 10,000 Salesforce owners. Integrate up to 1 Salesforce account to HubSpot at a time.
Up to 500 field mappings per object, and up to 10,000 Salesforce owners. Integrate up to 1 Salesforce account to HubSpot at a time.
Single sign-on

Let users sign in to HubSpot using single sign-on credentials, making it easy for them to log in while enhancing security and your control over who has access.

Revenue analytics suite

View sales and billing data together in one unified reporting suite to track invoices, subscriptions, and payments for a complete picture of your business performance.

Available to customers with a connected payments account.
Available to customers with a connected payments account.
Customer agent

Answer customer questions instantly across various channels — chat, email, forms, and calling (Beta) — with an AI-powered agent you can train in minutes and that escalates to your team when needed. Customer agent consumes HubSpot Credits.

Custom revenue reporting

Combine revenue and CRM data in powerful customizable reports to gain a deeper understanding of your revenue performance.

Salesforce custom object sync

Map Salesforce custom objects to HubSpot custom objects, and sync data one way from Salesforce into HubSpot.

Custom objects

Store almost any type of data in HubSpot, including subscriptions, locations, shipments, events, and more. Run reports on the data associated with custom objects, and use custom object data for marketing automation, better segmentation, and more personalized content.

Limits for this feature vary by product. Refer to the feature limits specified in the table for the product(s) you're purchasing.
Organize teams

Organize users on multiple levels based on team, region, business unit, brand, or any other dimension, to suit the way your business works.

Up to 300 teams.
Field-level permissions

Disable the editing of specific properties for certain reps to keep your team efficient and your database clean.

Admin notifications management

Set up default notifications for all users in your account, or create notification profiles by role.

Standard sandbox account

Test various changes and functionalities in a safe environment before they go live — without impacting your main account.

One standard sandbox. Import up to 200K records per type: contacts, companies, deals, tickets, custom objects, carts, invoices, marketing events, and orders. In workflows, enroll up to 100K records per day per sandbox.
Log in as another user

Allow HubSpot users with super admin permissions to temporarily sign in as a different user.

Sensitive Data

Secure and store Sensitive Data like government ID, demographic data, and limited financial data inside your HubSpot account. All Sensitive Data functionality is subject to the terms in the "Sensitive Data" section and HubSpot's Sensitive Data terms.

User object custom properties

View, customize, and manage user properties and preferences for every user in your HubSpot account.

Multi-account management

Connect and manage multiple HubSpot accounts under a shared organization.

Connect up to 30 total HubSpot accounts within one multi-account management organization. Available when one connected account is an Enterprise subscription. All additional connected accounts must be Professional or Enterprise subscriptions, share a super admin, and be in the same data hosting location.
Marketing Hub

HubSpot’s marketing automation software is designed to help you generate leads and automate marketing to drive growth. It offers the tools you need to increase revenue through high-quality leads, save time and resources, and measure and optimize campaigns — all on one powerful, easy-to-use platform. Marketing Hub is available in three editions — Starter, Professional, and Enterprise — with select functionality in our free tools.

Pricing

For new customers after March 5, 2024, Marketing Hub is priced per seat at the Starter edition, and starts at a base price for the Professional and Enterprise editions. For existing customers, the pricing model for your subscription(s) won’t be affected at this time, and you’ll stay on your current pricing model unless and until we contact you. Pricing also varies based on the number and type of contacts in your database.

As a reminder, customers after Oct. 21, 2020 will automatically have access to Marketing Hub - Marketing Contacts pricing as part of their subscription. Pre-existing customers may still have access to legacy contacts pricing until they migrate to the new Marketing Hub - Marketing Contacts pricing.

Types of Contacts:

Marketing Contacts: Marketing contacts can be sent marketing emails and be targeted with ads manually or with automation if it’s included in your subscription.
Non-Marketing Contacts: Non-marketing contacts cannot be sent marketing emails and cannot be targeted with ads. 

You can designate contacts as marketing contacts at any time, and your changes will take effect immediately. You can also designate contacts as non-marketing contacts at any time. However, those changes will take effect only at the start of the following month or your contract renewal date — whichever comes first — and your contact tier pricing cannot be downgraded until your contract renewal date. If you exceed your marketing contacts tier at any time, you will be billed immediately. The fee for marketing contacts is a blended rate based on the number of contacts purchased and the applicable rates.

MARKETING HUB - MARKETING CONTACTS PRICING
Starter

Starts at $20/month per seat.
Additional Core Seats (Starter) available for $20/month per seat.

1,000 marketing contacts included, and all your non-marketing contacts are free, up to a limit of 15 million overall contacts (marketing contacts + non-marketing contacts).

Pricing per 1K marketing contacts (monthly): 

1-1,000: Included in your $20/mo subscription
1,001-3,000: $50
3,001-5,000: $45
5,001+: $40
Professional

Starts at $890/month (3 Core Seats included).
Additional Core Seats (Professional) available for $50/month per seat.
Onboarding is required for a one-time fee of $3,000.

2,000 marketing contacts included, and all your non-marketing contacts are free, up to a limit of 15 million overall contacts (marketing contacts + non-marketing contacts).

Pricing per 5K marketing contacts (monthly):

0-2,000: Included in your annual subscription
2,001-22,000: $250
22,001 - 42,000: $225
42,001 - 62,000: $200
62,001 - 82,000: $175
82,001+: $150
Enterprise

Starts at $3,600/month (5 Core Seats included).
Additional Core Seats (Enterprise) available for $75/month per seat.
Onboarding is required for a one-time fee of $7,000.

Billed annually. 10,000 marketing contacts included, and all your non-marketing contacts are free, up to a limit of 15 million overall contacts (marketing contacts + non-marketing contacts).

Pricing per 10K marketing contacts (monthly):

0 to 10,000: Included in your annual subscription
10,001-50,000: $100
50,001-100,000: $90
100,001-200,000: $80
200,001-500,000: $70
500,001+: $60
MARKETING HUB STARTER
Starts at $20/month per seat
See full pricing details in table above and additional seat types in the “Pricing Overview” section.
MARKETING HUB PROFESSIONAL
Starts at $890/month
(3 Core Seats included)

See full pricing details in table above and additional seat types in the “Pricing Overview” section.
MARKETING HUB ENTERPRISE
Starts at $3,600/month
(5 Core Seats included)

See full pricing details in table above and additional seat types in the “Pricing Overview” section.
All Free Tools

Marketing Hub includes access to all the free tools listed in the “Free Tools” table above.

Forms

Create standalone, embedded, and collected forms to gather the contact details that your business needs.

Includes standalone, embedded, and collected forms, multi-step capability, consent collection, custom styling, and the ability to remove HubSpot branding.
Includes everything in Starter, plus code customizations, custom email validation, conditional logic, custom targeting and redirects, and AI spam detection (Beta).
Includes everything in Professional.
Form automation

Automate what happens after a form is submitted to convert and nurture leads, and triage support tickets.

Up to 10 automated actions.
Unlimited actions, plus omni-channel marketing automation.
Unlimited actions, plus omni-channel marketing automation.
Email automation

Segment and personalize your marketing with automated email nurturing.

Up to 10 automated actions.
Unlimited actions, plus omni-channel marketing automation.
Unlimited actions, plus omni-channel marketing automation.
Ad management

Connect accounts from Google, Meta, Microsoft, TikTok, Reddit, LinkedIn, and ChatGPT to your HubSpot account. Create audiences from your HubSpot contacts database, and see which ads are generating customers.

Requires native accounts and ad purchases through each individual ad network. Access to contact list audience functionality is dependent on your account health as determined by us, and is subject to the terms and conditions as specified by each ad network.

Includes all available ad types. Limited to 3 connected accounts across any supported network. Advanced website audiences, Facebook Lookalike Audiences, 2 contact and company list audiences, and 5 ad conversion events, synced hourly.
Requires native accounts and ad purchases through each individual ad network. Access to contact list audience functionality is dependent on your account health as determined by us, and is subject to the terms and conditions as specified by each ad network.

Includes all available ad types, with no limit on the number of connected accounts across supported networks. Advanced website audiences, Facebook Lookalike Audiences, and up to 5 contact and company list audiences and 50 ad conversion events, synced hourly.
Requires native accounts and ad purchases through each individual ad network. Access to contact list audience functionality is dependent on your account health as determined by us, and is subject to the terms and conditions as specified by each ad network.

Includes all available ad types, with no limit on the number of connected accounts across supported networks. Advanced website audiences, Facebook Lookalike Audiences, and up to 15 contact and company list audiences and 100 ad conversion events, synced hourly.
Ad retargeting

Show ads to users who have visited your website. Retarget ads on Facebook, Google, or LinkedIn.

Includes all available ad types, website retargeting, and up to 2 contact or company list-based audiences synced daily. Requires native accounts and ad purchases through each individual ad network.
Includes all available ad types, website retargeting, and up to 5 contact or company list-based audiences synced daily. Requires native accounts and ad purchases through each individual ad network.
Includes all available ad types, website retargeting, and up to 15 contact or company list-based audiences synced daily. Requires native accounts and ad purchases through each individual ad network.
Simple ad automation

Create simple workflows for ad campaign creation and management, such as adding contacts who have interacted with an ad campaign to a list, and sending them a follow-up email.

1 simple workflow per form, with up to 10 actions.
Unlimited simple workflows per form, with unlimited actions.
Unlimited simple workflows per form, with unlimited actions.
Shared inbox

Set up a shared inbox — for all incoming email, live chats and more — that your whole team can work from, easily managing 1-to-1 communications at scale.

Limited to 1 inbox.
Up to 100 inboxes.
Up to 200 inboxes.
Team email

Connect team-wide email addresses to your shared inbox to manage incoming sales and marketing questions. No more questions slipping through the cracks.

Conversational bots

Scale live chat using bots. They can qualify leads, collect and store contact data, book meetings, and send leads to the right salesperson.

Limited to ticket creation, lead qualification, and meeting booking bots, with no custom branching logic.
Includes ticket creation, lead qualification, and meeting booking bots, plus custom bots, custom branching logic, and advanced targeting.
Includes ticket creation, lead qualification, and meeting booking bots, plus custom bots, custom branching logic, and advanced targeting.
Email marketing

Send bulk emails that are tested and optimized for different devices and inboxes. Create better emails with a drag-and-drop editor and personalization tokens.

5x marketing contact tier email send limit per calendar month. Emails sent at 1,000 emails per second. Connect and authenticate an email-sending domain.
10x marketing contact tier email send limit per calendar month. Emails sent at 1,000 emails per second. Includes smart content, design manager, blog/RSS email, A/B tests, template saving, time zone sending, the ability to connect and authenticate an email sending domain, multiple CAN-SPAM footers, and the ability to dynamically pull product recommendations into emails.
20x marketing contact tier email send limit per calendar month. Emails sent at 5,000 emails per second. Includes everything in Professional, plus approval flows, multiple CAN-SPAM footers, and send frequency caps.
Marketing email templates

Access a library of professionally designed, responsive, and customizable email templates designed for common marketing use cases such as newsletters, promotions, event invitations, ecommerce communications, and more.

Premium templates including ebook, announcement, and event invitation templates.
Also includes ecommerce and automated templates, and the ability to create your own templates.
Also includes ecommerce and automated templates, and the ability to create your own templates.
Email health reporting

Use email health data to keep track of your email sending reputation and determine if you’re on track, if you can improve, or if you need to take action.

Does not include data-based recommendations.
Includes data-based recommendations.
Includes data-based recommendations.
CRM segments

Create static or dynamically updating audience segments based on various criteria using properties in your HubSpot database. Use them to power more personalized content in email, on the web, and more.

Up to 50 active CRM segments and 1,000 static CRM segments. CRM segmentation criteria limited to form submission data, contact property information, and marketing email activity.
Up to 1,200 active CRM segments and 1,200 static CRM segments. Create random samples from any CRM segment.
Up to 2,000 active CRM segments and 2,000 static CRM segments. Create random samples from any CRM segment, or split segments into random smaller segments (up to 10).
Mobile optimization

Create content that looks good on multiple device types, and see it before it goes out.

Content limited to email only.
Reporting dashboard

Get in-depth, customizable data on your marketing performance, so you know how you're doing and where to improve.

30 dashboards, 50 reports per dashboard.
75 dashboards, 50 reports per dashboard.
100 dashboards, 50 reports per dashboard.
Segment analytics (Beta)

Understand the journey, makeup, and activation insights of your various audience segments with tools and reports that compare performance from one group to another, identify overlaps across each segment.

Filter insights in segments (Beta)

Get helpful statistics about the makeup of each filter as you build audience segments.

Facebook Messenger integration

Automatically capture contact information, have two-way communications with your audience, create chatbots, book meetings with bots, and report on chat volume through Facebook Messenger.

Remove HubSpot branding.
Includes advanced Messenger bot branching and advanced reporting.
Includes the ability to use code snippets for custom Messenger bot actions.
Custom properties

Associate specific data points with contacts, companies, and deals.

1,000 custom properties per object.
1,000 custom properties per object.
1,000 custom properties per object.
Multiple currencies

Track and manage multiple currencies in your HubSpot account.

Up to 5 currencies.
Up to 30 currencies.
Up to 200 currencies.
Multi-language content creation

Create multi-language versions of website pages, landing pages, and blog posts. In-language variants of a specific page will automatically be associated together, making your content easier to manage as you scale. See HubSpot’s supported languages.

Up to 50 HubSpot-supported languages.
Unlimited HubSpot-supported languages.
Unlimited HubSpot-supported languages.
HubSpot mobile app

Work from anywhere with the HubSpot mobile app. Highlights include business card scanning, caller ID, and more. Available for iOS and Android.

Live chat

Have 1-to-1 live chats with visitors as they browse your site, and give the information they need to turn them into qualified leads.

Remove HubSpot branding.
Remove HubSpot branding.
Remove HubSpot branding.
1:1 technical support

Get access to our global HubSpot customer support team so you can get the answers you need quickly.

Email and in-app chat support.
Email, in-app chat, and phone support.
Email, in-app chat, and phone support.
HubSpot payments

Accept digital payments alongside your CRM with HubSpot’s built-in payment processing tool. Processing fees for HubSpot payments vary by region as listed here. High-volume businesses may qualify for custom rates (contact us to learn more). HubSpot payments is currently available for customers in the United States, the United Kingdom, and Canada with a bank account in these regions. Subject to underwriting approval and additional terms.

SEO recommendations & optimizations

Identify SEO issues across your website pages, and learn how to optimize your pages to get more organic traffic.

Basic recommendations, one page at a time.
Advanced recommendations, full site auditing, and topics.
Advanced recommendations, full site auditing, and topics.
Subdomain and country code top-level domain availability

Connect your HubSpot account to a subdomain and/or country code top-level domain of a single brand's URL to send email and host other content you create inside your account.

1 subdomain and 1 country code top-level domain on 1 root domain.
Unlimited number of subdomains and country code top-level domains on 1 root domain.
Unlimited number of subdomains and country code top-level domains on 1 root domain.
Website traffic analytics

See how your content is performing with detailed filters like bounce rate, average time on page, and more.

Standard web analytics dashboard.
Customizable website traffic analytics.
Customizable website traffic analytics.
Required fields

Define fields that must be completed by your team when certain actions are taken. Get more consistent data and more predictable outcomes.

Permission sets

Quickly configure user permissions, such as access to marketing and website tools.

Permission templates only.
Permission templates only.
Customize and save your own permission sets.
Calls-to-action

Create embedded and pop-up calls-to-action (CTAs) that match the look and feel of your website and guide visitors toward conversion points. Use personalization to reach different target audiences with the right message, and track visitor actions across multiple web pages.

Does not include custom targeting by device type, country, referral URL, etc.
Includes custom targeting by device type, country, referral URL, and more.
Includes custom targeting by device type, country, referral URL, and more.
Product library

Create a product library showcasing your company’s goods or services. Add descriptions, images, pricing, availability, and more.

Up to 1 million products.
Up to 15 million products.
Up to 15 million products.
Cookie management tools

Create and manage cookie banners on your website to capture tracking consent from your website visitors.

Create up to 100 consent banners with different geotargeting rules, languages, and banner templates. Includes support for GPC signals. Allow visitors to update their consent preferences with the cookie settings button. Remove HubSpot branding.
Create up to 100 consent banners with different geotargeting rules, languages, and banner templates. Includes support for GPC signals. Allow visitors to update their consent preferences with the cookie settings button. Remove HubSpot branding.
Create up to 100 consent banners with different geotargeting rules, languages, and banner templates. Includes support for GPC signals. Allow visitors to update their consent preferences with the cookie settings button. Remove HubSpot branding.
Social logins

Let users sign in to HubSpot using the Google or Microsoft OIDC-based social login, making it easy for them to log in while enhancing security and your control over who has access.

Personalization tokens

Personalize your touchpoints by dynamically displaying CRM property values such as first name, last name, contact owner, and email address in emails, forms, SMS, and marketing automation content.

Messaging insights (Beta)

Automated insights for high and low-performing marketing messaging that help ensure optimal engagement.

Record timeline

Access the activity history for each record in your HubSpot Smart CRM.

View full history of activities.
View full history of activities.
View full history of activities.
Prospecting agent

Build a qualified sales pipeline with an AI-powered prospecting agent that researches and delivers personalized outreach strategies per lead. Prospecting agent consumes HubSpot Credits. Enrichment feature.

Data agent

Keep your CRM up-to-date with an AI-powered agent that tracks buying signals, finds good-fit companies, and updates your data using information in your CRM and the web. Data agent consumes HubSpot Credits.

Monitor and/or create companies with intent signals, build custom signals, and update data with AI.
Use intent and custom signals in workflows and company lead scores. Analyze, summarize, and categorize records with AI in workflows.
Use intent and custom signals in workflows and company lead scores. Analyze, summarize, and categorize records with AI in workflows.
AI-powered data formatting recommendations (Beta)

Use AI to keep your CRM data clean, consistent, and reliable.

Data quality overview (Beta)

Monitor your CRM data health and take quick action to fix duplicates, formatting issues, and missing data from one centralized place that keeps your teams and AI working with clean, reliable information.

Scan account for data quality issues every 2 weeks.
Scan account for data quality issues daily.
Scan account for data quality issues daily.
Standard CRM interface configuration

Match the layout of your CRM data to your team's needs by configuring existing elements of the CRM interface.

Create up to 10 custom tabs on record pages.
Create up to 1,000 team views across record pages and preview sidebars, up to 50 views on index pages per user, and up to 10 custom tabs.
Create up to 1,000 team views across record pages and preview sidebars, up to 50 views on index pages per user, and up to 10 custom tabs.
Projects

Manage projects in the same place your customer data lives and your go-to-market team already works.

Pipelines

Keep track of how records (e.g., deals, tickets, projects, etc.) move through your processes with customizable pipelines.

15 total pipelines per account across object types.
100 total pipelines per account across object types.
350 total pipelines per account across object types.
Custom domains — invoices

Use your own domain for invoices to deliver a seamless customer experience and ensure brand consistency.

HubSpot payments account required for invoice checkout functionality.
HubSpot payments account required for invoice checkout functionality.
HubSpot payments account required for invoice checkout functionality.
Custom domains — payment links

Use your own domain for payment links to deliver a seamless customer experience and ensure brand consistency.

HubSpot payments account required.
HubSpot payments account required.
HubSpot payments account required.
HubSpot capital financing — powered by Stripe

Access working capital in as little as 1-2 business days based on your payment history.

Available to U.S. and UK customers using HubSpot payments or Stripe payment processing.
Available to U.S. and UK customers using HubSpot payments or Stripe payment processing.
Available to U.S. and UK customers using HubSpot payments or Stripe payment processing.
Conversational context

Get an automatic analysis of your conversations, turning them into structured insights in your CRM that power smarter AI, better reporting, and more targeted segments.

50 conversational records per paid seat per month. Total limit enforced at the account level: [Number of paid seats x 50] conversational records per month.
250 conversational records per paid seat per month. Total limit enforced at the account level: [Number of paid seats x 250] conversational records per month.
350 conversational records per paid seat per month. Total limit enforced at the account level: [Number of paid seats x 350] conversational records per month.
Agent builder

Build custom agents and automations — powered by your customer data — all in one visual builder.

Build and deploy custom agents with simple automation tailored to your business.
Build and deploy custom agents with advanced automation and event-based triggers.
Build and deploy custom agents with advanced automation and event-based triggers.
HubSpot Work (Beta)

Manage projects, documents, and tasks using AI-powered work management tools built into your HubSpot CRM. Describe what you need in plain language, and AI can generate project tables, forms, and automations from a single prompt. Your CRM data is already connected, so work agents can act on real customer context without syncs or manual setup.

Limited automation.
Full automation.
Full automation.
Work agents (Beta)

Build AI agents within HubSpot Work (Beta) that execute your projects, tasks, and workflows for you. Work agents are optimized for work management and can run via the chat interface or operate in the background on your behalf. AI-powered work agents consume HubSpot Credits.

Limited automation.
Full automation.
Full automation.
Marketing studio (Beta)

Plan, build, and optimize connected campaigns, with AI that surfaces the next best move and then helps you make it.

Includes the ability to customize attribution reports.
AEO (Beta)

Track how often your brand is mentioned in answer engines like ChatGPT, understand competitive gaps, and get recommendations to improve brand visibility in AI-generated responses.

Get started with 25 prompts, each run daily across 3 engines, for 2,500 answers per month. Purchase the AEO Answers Limit Increase for additional prompts and tracking volume.
Get started with 50 prompts, each run daily across 3 engines, for 5,000 answers per month. Purchase the AEO Answers Limit Increase for additional prompts and tracking volume.
Campaign agent (Beta)

Build demand with an AI-powered agent that turns a goal or insight into a complete, connected campaign plan rooted in your brand, audience, and past performance.

Customer agent

Answer customer questions instantly across various channels — chat, email, forms, and calling (Beta) — with an AI-powered agent you can train in minutes and that escalates to your team when needed. Customer agent consumes HubSpot Credits.

Content agent (Beta)

Create content in HubSpot using your brand voice, audience data, and competitive research. No brief required. Content agent consumes HubSpot Credits.

Create blog posts, social media posts, and landing pages from a recommendation or a full campaign in campaign agent.
Create blog posts, social media posts, and landing pages from a recommendation or a full campaign in campaign agent.
Nurture agent (Beta)

An AI-powered agent that personalizes every automated nurture email for each individual contact before it sends, using their CRM history, engagement signals, and live company research. Nurture agent consumes HubSpot Credits.

URL mappings

Redirect traffic from a HubSpot-hosted page to any URL.

SEO analytics

Track how your organic search performance is trending over time with a dashboard that reports on important metrics like impressions, clicks, clickthrough rate, and average position (ranking). Drill down into individual web pages to see the exact search queries they're ranking for.

WhatsApp integration

Send and receive WhatsApp messages through the shared inbox, and send automated WhatsApp messages using workflows.

Up to 1,000 messages per month.
Up to 1,000 messages per month.
Custom views in shared inbox

Create custom views in the shared inbox based on various ticket and conversation properties, helping your team members stay focused and get their work done more efficiently.

50 custom views per account.
600 custom views per account.
Duplicate management

Use artificial intelligence to identify and merge duplicate records.

Collaboration tools

Collaborate on campaigns with your team using an integrated marketing calendar, tasks, and in-app commenting.

Logged-in visitor identification

Identify logged-in website visitors when they send you a live chat message, making it easy for your team to send personalized live chat replies.

Marketing asset comparison reporting

Compare performance metrics for up to 10 marketing emails, forms, campaigns, or social media posts side by side.

ABM tools and automation

Leverage company-based automation with ABM tools such as properties, templates, and out-of-the-box reports.

Target accounts home

Create and manage an accounts-based growth strategy with an overview dashboard for all companies marked as target accounts.

Google Search Console integration

Get organic search insights like average ranking position, related searches, total impressions, and clickthrough rate for pages on your website — right inside your HubSpot account.

Advanced personalization

Create personalized experiences with personalized content across channels powered by CRM objects, programmable content, and more.

Includes email marketing content powered by HubDB tables.
Programmable email (Beta)

Dynamically generate email content at scale using data stored in HubDB and your HubSpot CRM.

Includes email marketing content powered by CRM object data.
Includes email marketing content powered by CRM object or HubDB data.
Smart content for marketing email

Personalize your readers’ experiences by displaying different versions of your content based on CRM data, ad source, query parameters, and more.

Contact create attribution

Assign credit to marketing tactics and teams with built-in attribution modeling based on contacts created. Measure success across five different multi-touch attribution models.

Track up to 10,000 logged contact interactions.
Track up to 10,000 logged contact interactions
A/B testing

Run A/B tests on emails to hone in on the best performing variations in copy and design.

Video hosting & management

Host and manage video files within HubSpot, and embed videos in site pages, emails, and social media. Add CTAs and forms within videos, and track performance by channel using premade omni-channel reports (Beta).

Up to 50 videos.
Up to 50 videos.
Video creation & editing

Create high-quality videos with captions, branding, and other style elements that can be shared across social channels.

Teams

Organize your users into teams, based on region, business unit, product line, or more. Assign marketing assets and database records to teams. And get regular team performance reports too.

Up to 10 teams.
Up to 300 teams plus ways to organize them.
Custom reporting

Build custom reports that leverage contact, company, and deal data from your contacts database alongside marketing and social media engagement data (Beta), so you can answer key business questions in one place.

Up to 100 custom reports and 10 million events per custom reporting query.
Up to 500 custom reports and 100 million events per custom reporting query.
Web visitor segments (Beta)

Create cohorts of your web visitor data that allow you to analyze specific groups of users, sessions, or events. Visitor segments provide a more granular view of your website traffic and user behavior, enabling deeper insights and opportunities for personalization.

Campaign reporting

Group specific pieces of content into a campaign and understand how each marketing email, paid ad, and more is helping you reach your goals.

5,000 campaigns per account.
10,000 campaigns per account.
Ad goals

Measure your ad campaigns' performance based on various time-based goals such as number of contacts in a lifecycle stage (leads, MQLs, customers, etc.), cost per contact in a lifecycle stage, and more.

Calculated properties

Create fields that roll up data from other fields, build custom equations, and sync data between records.

40 calculated properties.
200 calculated properties.
Filtered analytics view

Report on the success of your content based on what’s most meaningful to your business. Filter your analytics by domain, country, or any URL path on your site.

Up to 25 filtered analytics views.
Up to 50 filtered analytics views.
Social media

Use the social media tools to schedule and publish multimedia updates, monitor conversations and keywords, analyze performance, and track social interactions in your HubSpot CRM. Available for Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, YouTube, and X accounts.

Up to 50 connected accounts, 10,000 posts per month, and post scheduling up to 3 years in advance.
Up to 300 connected accounts, 10,000 posts per month, and post scheduling up to 3 years in advance.
Instagram direct messages

View, manage, and reply to Instagram direct messages from your HubSpot social media inbox.

Salesforce integration

Keep your Salesforce and HubSpot data in sync and up-to-date.

Up to 500 field mappings per object, and up to 10,000 Salesforce owners. Integrate up to 1 Salesforce account to HubSpot at a time.
Up to 500 field mappings per object, and up to 10,000 Salesforce owners. Integrate up to 1 Salesforce account to HubSpot at a time.
Association labels

Create custom association labels for different pairs of standard CRM objects (i.e. contacts, companies, deals, and tickets) to specify the relationship between those objects.

Up to 50 labels for associations between each object pair (e.g., 50 labels for contacts and deals, 50 labels for companies and contacts, etc.).
Up to 50 labels for associations between each object pair (e.g., 50 labels for contacts and deals, 50 labels for companies and contacts, etc.).
Presets

As an admin, easily configure users and teams within your HubSpot account. Create email signatures, manage notifications, and choose defaults such as home screen, dashboard, language, and date and number format.

Up to 5 presets.
Up to 100 presets.
Lead scoring

Build fit and engagement scores based on individual and/or company-level behavior, campaign interactions and demographic data. Leverage reporting and predictive AI to improve score quality.

Up to 5 scores.
Up to 50 scores. Includes AI recommendations.
AI segment suggestions (Beta)

Get AI-powered recommendations for audience segments to target based on your marketing goals.

Draggable chat widget

Give your website visitors the option to drag the chat widget from its preset location (bottom left or bottom right) to anywhere on the screen.

Single sign-on

Let users sign in to HubSpot using SAML single sign-on credentials, making it easy for them to log in while enhancing security and your control over who has access.

Brand identity (Beta)

Automatically gather and apply brand-specific context — including voice, tone, visual identity, mission, products, and competitive insights — to enable higher-quality AI-generated content. Maintain consistency across channels and scale content creation while keeping your brand’s unique identity intact.

Omni-channel marketing automation

Use intuitive visual workflows and bot builders to create robust, automated campaigns across email, social media, ads, your website, and chat. Leverage HubSpot integrations to create campaigns across many other channels.

Up to 300 workflows for 10 teams.
Up to 1,000 workflows for 300 teams, with the ability to leverage behavioral events and lead scoring. Also includes workflow health monitoring.
AI email template upload (Beta)

Use AI to quickly transform external email designs into HubSpot-compatible drag-and-drop templates that are fully editable and supported by core HubSpot email design elements.

100 template uploads per account per month.
100 template uploads per account per month.
Revenue analytics suite

View sales and billing data together in one unified reporting suite to track invoices, subscriptions, and payments for a complete picture of your business performance.

Available to customers with a connected payments account.
Available to customers with a connected payments account.
Custom events

Track actions unique to your business from your website, app, or other tools. Event data will be available in the custom report builder, customer journey analytics, segments, workflows, and on the activity timeline. Includes codeless creation via the event visualizer.

Limited to 500 event definitions and 10 million completions per month.
Limited to 500 event definitions and 30 million completions per month.
Custom revenue reporting

Combine revenue and CRM data in powerful customizable reports to gain a deeper understanding of your revenue performance.

Customer journey analytics

Visualize the impact of each touchpoint a contact has with your business to determine what works best for attracting customers. Identify conversion rates and time between touchpoints by analyzing a variety of data.

Each report can include up to 15 stages (with 1-5 events per stage, up to a max of 15 unique events) and is limited to 60 months of data or 20 million events (whichever comes first).
Salesforce custom object sync

Map Salesforce custom objects to HubSpot custom objects, and sync data one way from Salesforce into HubSpot.

Custom objects

Store almost any type of data in HubSpot, including subscriptions, locations, shipments, events, and more. Run reports on the data associated with custom objects, and use custom object data for marketing automation, better segmentation, and more personalized content.

Up to 10 object definitions and 1,000,000 total custom object records.
Organize teams

Organize users on multiple levels based on team, region, business unit, brand, or any other dimension, to suit the way your business works.

Up to 300 teams.
Limit access to content and data

Give teams different permissions for your emails, forms, CTAs, segments, or workflows, based on role, region, and more, so they can only see and edit content relevant to them.

Email send frequency cap

Use a cap to set the maximum number of emails contacts should receive in a specific time frame to avoid over-emailing them.

Email send time optimization (Beta)

Send emails at the optimal time for each recipient, maximizing email engagement based on past interactions.

Multi-touch revenue attribution

Assign credit to marketing tactics and teams with built-in attribution modeling based on impact on revenue. Measure success across seven different multi-touch attribution models.

Track up to 10,000 logged interactions per contact.
Field-level permissions

Disable the editing of specific properties for certain reps to keep your team efficient and your database clean.

HubDB for marketing email

Create, import, store, and manage custom data types in a relational data store using HubDB tables, similar to spreadsheets. Use HubDB data to dynamically populate content within the email tool, and use the HubDB API to build apps and sync data with other systems.

For use in email only.
Admin notifications management

Set up default notifications for all users in your account, or create notification profiles by role.

Standard sandbox account

Test various changes and functionalities in a safe environment before they go live — without impacting your main account.

One standard sandbox. Import up to 200K records per type: contacts, companies, deals, tickets, custom objects, carts, invoices, marketing events, and orders. In workflows, enroll up to 100K records per day per sandbox.
Log in as another user

Allow HubSpot users with super admin permissions to temporarily sign in as a different user.

Email approvals

Require or request approval before sending a marketing email.

Marketing email single send API

Incorporate externally-hosted data into your HubSpot marketing emails. Automatically associate emails with existing HubSpot contact records, create new contact records for new email recipients, and trigger email sends from external events.

Event visualizer

Capture important behaviors from your website or app, and track purchasing patterns and intent signals unique to your business — all without a developer. Use these events for behavioral segmentation and targeting, automation, and reporting.

Sensitive Data

Secure and store Sensitive Data like government ID, demographic data, and limited financial data inside your HubSpot account. All Sensitive Data functionality is subject to the terms in the “Sensitive Data” section and HubSpot's Sensitive Data terms.

Social media approvals

Request, review, and manage approvals for social media content before it goes live, helping to ensure brand consistency and content quality.

Multi-account management

Connect and manage multiple HubSpot accounts under a shared organization.

Connect up to 30 total HubSpot accounts within one multi-account management organization. Available when one connected account is an Enterprise subscription. All additional connected accounts must be Professional or Enterprise subscriptions, share a super admin, and be in the same data hosting location.
Lookalike segments (Beta)

Use AI to generate brand new segments of ideal customers by analyzing your existing segments to identify other contacts who share similar attributes and actions.

User object custom properties

View, customize, and manage user properties and preferences for every user in your HubSpot account.

Additional Limits in Marketing Hub
20,000 calls-to-action across all accounts and product editions
Up to 15 million contacts maximum, depending on your subscription

The limit on the number of contacts listed here is an overall product limit, and is not your maximum contacts number for the purposes of your subscription. You should refer to your order for the details on your contacts limit.

Sales Hub

HubSpot's sales software includes a full suite of tools that aim to boost your productivity, shorten deal cycles, and make your sales process more human-friendly — without adding to your workload. Your whole sales team will have the tools they need to book more meetings and close more deals, with a whole lot less work. Sales Hub is available in three editions — Starter, Professional, and Enterprise — with select functionality in our free tools.

For new customers after March 5, 2024, Sales Hub is priced per seat for the Starter, Professional, and Enterprise editions — with no additional seat minimums. Full Sales Hub functionality for the Professional and Enterprise editions is only accessible with a Sales Professional Seat or a Sales Enterprise Seat. For existing customers, the pricing model for your subscription(s) won’t be affected at this time, and you’ll stay on your current pricing model unless and until we contact you.

SALES HUB STARTER
Starts at $20/month per seat
Additional Core Seats (Starter) available for $20/month per seat. See additional seat types in the “Pricing Overview” section.
SALES HUB PROFESSIONAL
Starts at $100/month per seat
Additional Sales Professional Seats available for $100/month per seat. See additional seat types in the “Pricing Overview” section. Onboarding is required for a one-time fee of $1,500.
SALES HUB ENTERPRISE
Starts at $150/month per seat
Billed annually. Additional Sales Enterprise Seats available for $150/month per seat. See additional seat types in the “Pricing Overview” section. Onboarding is required for a one-time fee of $3,500.
All Free Tools

Sales Hub includes access to all the free tools listed in the “Free Tools” table above.

Email scheduling

Write one-to-one prospect emails, and schedule them for the right send and receipt time.

Email tracking and notifications

Track and log 1:1 emails and receive real-time notifications when emails are opened.

Unlimited email tracking notifications. Includes email click tracking and custom tracking domains.
Unlimited email tracking notifications. Includes email click tracking (requires a Sales Seat) and custom tracking domains.
Unlimited email tracking notifications. Includes email click tracking (requires a Sales Seat) and custom tracking domains.
Email templates

Save and reuse your best performing emails, and share them with your team for a faster and more consistent way to communicate with prospects.

Up to 10,000 email templates per account.
Up to 10,000 email templates per account.
Up to 10,000 email templates per account.
Documents

Build a library of sales documents that you can easily share with prospects. Get insight into when and where prospects are most engaged.

Up to 5,000 documents per account. Remove HubSpot branding.
Up to 5,000 documents per account. Remove HubSpot branding.
Up to 5,000 documents per account. Remove HubSpot branding.
HubSpot-provided phone numbers

Leverage first-party phone numbers to receive inbound calls or make outbound calls.

1 phone number. Not supported in all countries.
Up to 3 phone numbers. Not supported in all countries.
Up to 5 phone numbers. Not supported in all countries.
Calling

Place outbound calls from your HubSpot account, and receive inbound calls in your browser or forward them to a personal device. Calls can be recorded and auto-logged in your HubSpot database. To receive calls, you must use a HubSpot-provided phone number.

Up to 500 minutes of calling per account per month. Not supported in all countries.
Up to 3,000 minutes of calling per account per month. Not supported in all countries.
Up to 12,000 minutes of calling per account per month. Not supported in all countries.
Meeting scheduling

Share a link with customers that lets them see when you're free and book meetings with you, cutting out those tedious 'what time works best for you' emails.

Up to 1,000 personal and team meetings links, plus additional customization. Remove HubSpot branding.
Up to 1,000 personal and team meetings links, plus additional customization. Remove HubSpot branding.
Up to 1,000 personal and team meetings links, plus additional customization. Remove HubSpot branding.
Canned snippets

Create a bank of reusable answers for prospects' most frequently asked questions that you can quickly add to live chats or emails to save time and help prospects faster.

Up to 5,000 snippets per account
Up to 5,000 snippets per account.
Up to 5,000 snippets per account.
Reporting dashboard

See detailed metrics on sales activity and performance. Use the data to know how you're doing and where to improve.

30 dashboards, 50 reports per dashboard.
75 dashboards, 50 reports per dashboard.
100 dashboards, 50 reports per dashboard.
Segment analytics (Beta)

Understand the journey, makeup, and activation insights of your various audience segments with tools and reports that compare performance from one group to another, and identify overlaps across each segment.

Filter insights in segments (Beta)

Get helpful statistics about the makeup of each filter as you build audience segments.

Shared inbox

Set up a shared inbox — for all incoming email and live chats — that your whole team can work from, easily managing 1-to-1 communications at scale.

Limited to 1 inbox.
Up to 100 inboxes.
Up to 200 inboxes.
Live chat

Chat 1-to-1 with visitors as they browse your site, and give them the information they need about your business.

Remove HubSpot branding.
Remove HubSpot branding
Remove HubSpot branding
Conversational bots

Use a bot to connect visitors to the right rep, route visitors to the most helpful content, and scale 1-to-1 communications.

Limited to ticket creation, lead qualification, and meeting booking bots, with no custom branching logic.
Includes ticket creation, lead qualification, and meeting booking bots, plus custom bots, custom branching logic, and advanced targeting.
Includes ticket creation, lead qualification, and meeting booking bots, plus custom bots, custom branching logic, and advanced targeting.
Team email

Connect team-wide email addresses to your shared inbox to manage incoming sales and marketing questions. No more questions slipping through the cracks.

Conversation routing

Automatically assign incoming conversations to the right member of your team.

Email and in-app support

Get immediate access to our HubSpot support through email so you can get the answers you need quickly.

Pipelines

Keep track of how records (e.g., deals, tickets, projects, etc.) move through your processes with customizable pipelines.

15 total pipelines per account across object types.
100 total pipelines per account across object types.
350 total pipelines per account across object types.
Predictive deal score

Prioritize your deals with AI-generated close probability scores that factor in historical data, buyer engagement, and rep activity to help your team forecast revenue with confidence.

Includes score factors and trends.
Includes score factors and trends.
Goals

Measure your team’s performance on a granular level using different types of time-based goals.

Revenue goals.
Template goals for revenue, forecasted revenue, deals created, calls made, and meetings booked.
Ability to create custom goals.
Facebook Messenger integration

Automatically capture contact information, have two-way communications with your audience, create chatbots, book meetings with bots, and report on chat volume through Facebook Messenger.

Remove HubSpot branding.
Includes advanced Messenger bot branching and advanced reporting.
Includes the ability to use code snippets for custom Messenger bot actions.
Custom properties

Associate specific data points with contacts, companies, and deals.

1,000 custom properties per object.
1,000 custom properties per object.
1,000 custom properties per object.
Multiple currencies

Track and manage multiple currencies in your HubSpot account.

Up to 5 currencies.
Up to 30 currencies.
Up to 200 currencies.
Stripe payment processing

Start accepting payments alongside your HubSpot CRM by integrating your Stripe account as your payment processor. For each transaction, HubSpot will add a 0.75% platform fee on top of Stripe’s transaction fee for the use of Revenue Hub tools to create a payment experience. Subject to additional terms.

Available to customers with an integrated Stripe account.
Available to customers with an integrated Stripe account.
Available to customers with an integrated Stripe account.
Sales automation

Automate your sales process and cut time-consuming operational tasks by creating automations directly from your CRM records. Set up triggers and actions to keep your data and processes moving, and trigger tasks and email notifications when deals change stages.

Up to 50 workflows with restricted triggers and actions.
Up to 300 fully customizable workflows.
Up to 1,000 fully customizable workflows, with the ability to trigger sequences. Also includes workflow health monitoring.
Form automation

Automate what happens after a form is submitted to convert and nurture leads, and triage support tickets.

Up to 10 automated actions. Includes automating emails, creating records, and updating properties in your HubSpot database after a form is submitted.
Unlimited actions. Includes automating emails, creating records, and updating properties in your HubSpot database after a form is submitted.
Unlimited actions. Includes automating emails, creating records, and updating properties in your HubSpot database after a form is submitted.
HubSpot mobile app

Work from anywhere with the HubSpot mobile app. Highlights include business card scanning, caller ID, and more. Available for iOS and Android.

Task queues

Power through your tasks with these automated to-do lists.

Repeating tasks

Automate tasks and activities to manage your customer relationships and projects.

1:1 technical support

Get access to our global HubSpot customer support team so you can get the answers you need quickly.

Email and in-app chat support.
Email, in-app chat, and phone support.
Email, in-app chat, and phone support.
Slack integration

Create tasks, get notifications, see and share contacts — directly in Slack. No more switching between tools.

1-to-1 email

Send emails to individual contacts directly within the contact record, or directly within the associated company, deal, ticket, or custom object record.

Remove HubSpot branding.
Remove HubSpot branding.
Remove HubSpot branding.
Task calendar sync

Sync HubSpot tasks to a Google or Office calendar to get a full picture of your day.

HubSpot payments

Accept digital payments alongside your CRM with HubSpot’s built-in payment processing tool. Processing fees for HubSpot payments vary by region as listed here. High-volume businesses may qualify for custom rates (contact us to learn more). HubSpot payments is currently available for customers in the United States, the United Kingdom, and Canada with a bank account in these regions. Subject to underwriting approval and additional terms.

HubSpot capital financing — powered by Stripe

Access working capital in as little as 1-2 business days based on your payment history.

Available to U.S. and UK customers using HubSpot payments or Stripe payment processing.
Available to U.S. and UK customers using HubSpot payments or Stripe payment processing.
Available to U.S. and UK customers using HubSpot payments or Stripe payment processing.
Contracts

Automatically create contract objects, manage changes and renewals, and track ACV, ARR, and MRR with complete visibility.

CRM segments

Create static or dynamically updating audience segments based on various criteria using properties in your HubSpot database.

Up to 50 active CRM segments and 1,000 static CRM segments. CRM segmentation criteria limited to form submission data and contact property information.
Up to 1,200 active CRM segments and 1,200 static CRM segments.
Up to 2,000 active CRM segments and 2,000 static CRM segments.
Required fields

Define fields that must be completed by your team when certain actions are taken. Get more consistent data, and more predictable outcomes.

Sales content analytics

Analyze the effectiveness of your sales content, including templates, documents, and sequences.

Permission sets

Quickly configure user permissions, such as access to templates, playbooks, or call transcription.

Permission templates only.
Permission templates only.
Customize and save your own permission sets.
Product library

Create a product library showcasing your company’s goods or services. Add descriptions, images, pricing, availability, and more.

Up to 1 million products.
Up to 15 million products.
Up to 15 million products.
Object tags

Create rules that automatically apply color-coded tags to objects in your subscription, appearing on the board view, table view, and record page.

20 tags.
40 tags.
80 tags.
Social logins

Let users sign in to HubSpot using the Google or Microsoft social login, making it easy for them to log in while enhancing security and your control over who has access.

Record timeline

Access the activity history for each record in your HubSpot Smart CRM.

View full history of activities.
View full history of activities.
View full history of activities.
Data agent

Keep your CRM up-to-date with an AI-powered agent that tracks buying signals, finds good-fit companies, and updates your data using information in your CRM and the web. Data agent consumes HubSpot Credits.

Monitor and/or create companies with intent signals, build custom signals, and update data with AI.
Use intent and custom signals in workflows and company lead scores. Analyze, summarize, and categorize records with AI in workflows.
Use intent and custom signals in workflows and company lead scores. Analyze, summarize, and categorize records with AI in workflows.
Revenue agent (Beta)

Automate invoice collection outreach by monitoring open invoices, creating intelligent action plans like scheduling and sending follow-up emails, and reacting to invoice events and customer replies — all with human approval. Revenue agent consumes HubSpot Credits.

AI-powered data formatting recommendations (Beta)

Use AI to keep your CRM data clean, consistent, and reliable.

Data quality overview (Beta)

Monitor your CRM data health and take quick action to fix duplicates, formatting issues, and missing data from one centralized place that keeps your teams and AI working with clean, reliable information.

Scan account for data quality issues every 2 weeks.
Scan account for data quality issues daily.
Scan account for data quality issues daily.
Standard CRM interface configuration

Match the layout of your CRM data to your team's needs by configuring existing elements of the CRM interface.

Create up to 10 custom tabs on record pages.
Create up to 1,000 team views across record pages and preview sidebars, up to 50 views on index pages per user, and up to 10 custom tabs.
Create up to 1,000 team views across record pages and preview sidebars, up to 50 views on index pages per user, and up to 10 custom tabs.
Projects

Manage projects in the same place your customer data lives and your go-to-market team already works.

Conversational context

Get an automatic analysis of your conversations, turning them into structured insights in your CRM that power smarter AI, better reporting, and more targeted segments.

50 conversational records per paid seat per month. Total limit enforced at the account level: [Number of paid seats x 50] conversational records per month.
250 conversational records per paid seat per month. Total limit enforced at the account level: [Number of paid seats x 250] conversational records per month.
350 conversational records per paid seat per month. Total limit enforced at the account level: [Number of paid seats x 350] conversational records per month.
Prospecting agent

Build a qualified sales pipeline with an AI-powered prospecting agent that researches and delivers personalized outreach strategies per lead. Prospecting agent consumes HubSpot Credits. Enrichment feature.

AI transcript enrichment (Beta)

Automatically enrich your company and contact records with firmographic and demographic insights captured from call transcripts by AI.

Agent builder

Build custom agents and automations — powered by your customer data — all in one visual builder.

Build and deploy custom agents with simple automation tailored to your business.
Build and deploy custom agents with advanced automation and event-based triggers.
Build and deploy custom agents with advanced automation and event-based triggers.
Meeting prep and recap

Prepare for and capture customer conversations, review suggested follow-ups, and keep deal records up to date after every interaction.

HubSpot Work (Beta)

Manage projects, documents, and tasks using AI-powered work management tools built into your HubSpot CRM. Describe what you need in plain language, and AI can generate project tables, forms, and automations from a single prompt. Your CRM data is already connected, so work agents can act on real customer context without syncs or manual setup.

Limited automation.
Full automation.
Full automation.
Work agents (Beta)

Build AI agents within HubSpot Work (Beta) that execute your projects, tasks, and workflows for you. Work agents are optimized for work management and can run via the chat interface or operate in the background on your behalf. AI-powered work agents consume HubSpot Credits.

Limited automation.
Full automation.
Full automation.
Notetaker

Prepare for, capture, and summarize every customer conversation with notetaker to help you stay aligned and close deals faster.

In-person meeting notetaker [iOS only] (Beta)

Use AI to capture and summarize in-person meetings with the HubSpot mobile app – no manual note-taking required. Focus on the conversation while your meeting is transcribed, summarized and logged, making it easy to revisit details, stay aligned, and keep deals moving.

Customer agent

Answer customer questions instantly across various channels — chat, email, forms, and calling (Beta) — with an AI-powered agent you can train in minutes and that escalates to your team when needed. Customer agent consumes HubSpot Credits.

Lead scoring

Score deals and companies based on fit and engagement criteria. Leverage reporting to improve score quality.

Up to 5 scores.
Up to 10 scores.
Multiple email signatures

Create and store multiple email signatures for when users send emails through HubSpot Smart CRM from their personal, connected email accounts.

Sales workspace

A centralized place to manage day-to-day sales activities that helps sales reps stay focused and turn more leads into deals.

Coaching playlists

Save your exemplary call recordings into playlists that help you upskill your reps at scale.

Handoffs

Allow reps to book meetings on behalf of other users, or use round-robin rotation.

Custom views in shared inbox

Create custom views in the shared inbox based on various ticket and conversation properties, helping your team members stay focused and get their work done more efficiently.

50 custom views per account.
600 custom views per account.
Duplicate management

Use artificial intelligence to identify and merge duplicate records.

Logged-in visitor identification

Identify logged-in website visitors when they send you a message through live chat, making it easy for your team to send personalized replies.

Sales analytics

A collection of fully customizable, out-of-the-box reports that you can edit and save to your dashboards. Sales analytics reports give you insight into the overall health of your sales pipeline so you can coach your team and improve outcomes over time."

ABM tools and automation

Leverage company-based automation with ABM tools such as properties, templates, and out-of-the-box reports.

Target accounts home

Create and manage an accounts-based growth strategy with an overview dashboard for all companies marked as target accounts.

Account overview

Review account-level deal progress metrics within the company record.

Sequences

Automate outreach, follow-up, and time-consuming tasks. Create flows of timed personalized emails, A/B test different messaging, remind yourself of important follow-up tasks, and more.

5,000 sequences per account, and up to 500 email sends/user/day. LinkedIn actions require a Sales Navigator subscription.
5,000 sequences per account, and up to 1,000 email sends/user/day. LinkedIn actions require a Sales Navigator subscription. Includes the ability to trigger sequences via workflows.
LinkedIn Sales Navigator and CRM Sync integrations

Use the LinkedIn Sales Navigator integration to get LinkedIn insights and send Inmail messages directly via your HubSpot contact records. Use the supplemental LinkedIn CRM Sync to get access to automatic activity logging, data validation, two-way data sync, and ad revenue attribution reporting.

Custom reporting

Build custom reports that leverage contact, company, and deal data from your contacts database alongside sales activity data, so you can answer key business questions in one place.

Up to 100 custom reports and 10 million events per custom reporting query.
Up to 500 custom reports and 100 million events per custom reporting query.
Teams

Organize your account by teams. You can rotate leads, sort through content, and easily report on each team's performance.

Up to 10 teams.
Up to 300 teams plus ways to organize them.
Smart send times

Get suggestions for the best send time for each prospect. Schedule your email to send automatically at that time.

1:1 video messaging

Create help videos for customers with your laptop camera or screen-sharing tool. Add them to emails and tickets, or embed them in your HubSpot knowledge articles. All from inside your HubSpot account.

Rep productivity performance

See how productive your reps are using the templates, sequences, and calling tools.

Calculated properties

Create fields that roll up data from other fields, build custom equations, and sync data between records.

40 calculated properties.
200 calculated properties.
Workflow extensions

Trigger actions and pass data to other tools you use, or to your own custom outside applications.

Forecasting

Create detailed and customized forecasts based on data from your contacts database.

Default and custom forecasting and reporting.
Default and custom forecasting and reporting, including forecasting across team hierarchies.
Salesforce integration

Keep your Salesforce and HubSpot data in sync and up-to-date. Take sales actions right from records inside Salesforce.

Up to 500 field mappings per object, and up to 10,000 Salesforce owners. Integrate up to 1 Salesforce account to HubSpot at a time.
Up to 500 field mappings per object, and up to 10,000 Salesforce owners. Integrate up to 1 Salesforce account to HubSpot at a time.
Automatic lead rotation

Create custom rules to automatically assign CRM records to your sales team.

Association labels

Create custom association labels for different pairs of standard CRM objects (i.e. contacts, companies, deals, and tickets) to specify the relationship between those objects.

Up to 50 labels for associations between each object pair (e.g., 50 labels for contacts and deals, 50 labels for companies and contacts, etc.).
Up to 50 labels for associations between each object pair (e.g., 50 labels for contacts and deals, 50 labels for companies and contacts, etc.).
Playbooks

Build a library of resources and guides for your sales team to follow. Automatically surface recommended content to your team, right when they need it.

Create up to 5 playbooks, and capture notes in playbooks.
Create up to 5,000 playbooks. Embed properties or capture notes in playbooks.
Presets

As an admin, easily configure users and teams within your HubSpot account. Create email signatures, manage notifications, and choose defaults such as home screen, dashboard, language, and date and number format.

Up to 5 presets.
Up to 100 presets.
Call recording and transcription

Gain real-time insight into calls with automatic recording and transcription to help you coach your team and gain visibility into your customer conversations.

750 hours of transcription per account per month.
1,500 hours of transcription per account per month.
Sales email frequency controls (Beta)

Adjust the volume and rate at which emails can be sent through HubSpot Smart CRM by users' personal, connected email accounts.

Deal plans (Beta)

Generate a shared roadmap of each deal for you and your buyers. Outline next steps, assign responsibilities, set deadlines, and track progress in one collaborative space.

Deal progression (Beta)

Automatically analyze emails and transcripts to update CRM fields, draft replies, and surface next best actions. Custom property updates are powered by data agent and consume HubSpot Credits.

Deal summaries (Beta)

Effectively manage your deals and prioritize the most impactful next-best actions.

Guided actions (Beta)

Take the right action at the right time with a list of recommended next-best actions.

Conversation intelligence

Leverage AI to gain deep insight into the contents of your teams’ calls, with stats, insights, and call transcriptions captured for every conversation.

Includes tracked terms.
Draggable chat widget

Give your website visitors the option to drag the chat widget from its preset location (bottom left or bottom right) to anywhere on the screen.

Single sign-on

Let users sign in to HubSpot using SAML single sign-on credentials, making it easy for them to log in while enhancing security and your control over who has access.

Brand identity (Beta)

Automatically gather and apply brand-specific context — including voice, tone, visual identity, mission, products, and competitive insights — to enable higher-quality AI-generated content. Maintain consistency across channels and scale content creation while keeping your brand’s unique identity intact.

Custom channels API

Integrate any text-based messaging channel to your shared inbox.

Interactive voice response

Use interactive voice response (IVR) to automate call management, reduce wait times, and improve the customer experience through customized routing.

Custom events

Track actions unique to your business from your website, app, or other tools. Event data will be available in the custom report builder, customer journey analytics, segments, workflows, and on the activity timeline. Includes codeless creation via the event visualizer.

Limited to 500 event definitions and 10 million completions per month.
Limited to 500 event definitions and 30 million completions per month.
Salesforce custom object sync

Map Salesforce custom objects to HubSpot custom objects, and sync data one way from Salesforce into HubSpot.

Custom objects

Store almost any type of data in HubSpot, including subscriptions, locations, shipments, events, and more. View custom object records, set up workflows, and run reports on the data associated with custom objects. Also available on mobile.

Up to 10 object definitions and 1,000,000 total custom object records.
Organize teams

Organize users on multiple levels based on team, region, business unit, brand, or any other dimension, to suit the way your business works.

Up to 300 teams.
Field-level permissions

Disable the editing of specific properties for certain reps to keep your team efficient and your database clean.

Admin notifications management

Set up default notifications for all users in your account, or create notification profiles by role.

Standard sandbox account

Test various changes and functionalities in a safe environment before they go live — without impacting your main account.

One standard sandbox. Import up to 200K records per type: contacts, companies, deals, tickets, custom objects, carts, invoices, marketing events, and orders. In workflows, enroll up to 100K records per day per sandbox.
Log in as another user

Allow HubSpot users with super admin permissions to temporarily sign in as a different user.

Deal splits

Give credit to more than one user for a deal. Allocate different percentages of the total deal amount to multiple users to keep track of all their impacted revenue and give credit toward quotas.

Deal journeys

Visualize the impact of different touch points to determine what works best for progressing deals through your pipeline. Understand conversion rates, stage skipping, and how long deals are taking to go from one stage to the next.

Each report can include up to 10 stages and 10 unique steps, and is limited to 36 months of data or 20 million events (whichever comes first.)
Lead form routing

Use forms to qualify leads and book meetings in real time.

Sensitive Data

Secure and store Sensitive Data like government ID, demographic data, and limited financial data inside your HubSpot account. All Sensitive Data functionality is subject to the terms in the “Sensitive Data” section and HubSpot's Sensitive Data terms.

Deal approvals

Configure an approval process that ensures deals are reviewed and approved before they progress through stages.

Service Hub

HubSpot’s customer service software enables you to connect with customers and provide them with an exceptional customer service experience. Your customer service team will have tools to connect with customers and improve customer satisfaction. Service Hub is currently available in three editions — Starter, Professional, and Enterprise — with select functionality in our free tools.

For new customers after March 5, 2024, Service Hub is priced per seat for the Starter, Professional, and Enterprise editions — with no additional seat minimums. Full Service Hub functionality for the Professional and Enterprise editions is only accessible with a Service Professional Seat or a Service Enterprise Seat. For existing customers, the pricing model for your subscription(s) won’t be affected at this time, and you’ll stay on your current pricing model unless and until we contact you.

SERVICE HUB STARTER
Starts at $20/month per seat
Additional Core Seats (Starter) available for $20/month per seat. See additional seat types in the “Pricing Overview” section.
SERVICE HUB PROFESSIONAL
Starts at $100/month per seat
Additional Service Professional Seats available for $100/month per seat. See additional seat types in the “Pricing Overview” section.
SERVICE HUB ENTERPRISE
Starts at $150/month per seat
Billed annually. Additional Service Enterprise Seats available for $150/month per seat. See additional seat types in the “Pricing Overview” section. Onboarding is required for a one-time fee of $3,500.
All Free Tools

Service Hub includes access to all the free tools listed in the “Free Tools” table above.

Ticketing

Log customer issues as tickets. They can then be assigned to team members, organized and prioritized, and tracked in a central location.

Shared inbox

Organize customer questions, including live chats and emails, in a shared inbox. Accessible to your entire team so you can manage 1-to-1 customer communications at scale.

Limited to 1 inbox.
Up to 100 inboxes.
Up to 200 inboxes.
Mobile inbox

Access your shared inbox in the HubSpot mobile app. Stay productive on the go with the tools you need to collaborate and provide support efficiently.

Limited to 1 inbox.
Up to 100 inboxes.
Up to 100 inboxes.
Live chat

Chat directly with customers through a live chat widget on your website, giving them the help they need, when they need it.

Remove HubSpot branding.
Remove HubSpot branding.
Remove HubSpot branding.
Conversational bots

Improve the efficiency of live chat and scale your 1-to-1 communications. Use bots to create tickets and send visitors to the right service rep or knowledge base articles.

Limited to ticket creation, lead qualification, and meeting booking bots, with no custom branching logic.
Includes ticket creation, lead qualification, and meeting booking bots, plus custom bots, custom branching logic, and advanced targeting.
Includes ticket creation, lead qualification, and meeting booking bots, plus custom bots, custom branching logic, and advanced targeting.
Conversation routing

Automatically assign incoming conversations to the right member of your team.

Reporting dashboard

See data on ticket volume and response times, knowledge base usage, customer feedback, and more. Use the data to know how you're doing and where to improve.

30 dashboards, 50 reports per dashboard.
75 dashboards, 50 reports per dashboard.
100 dashboards, 50 reports per dashboard.
Segment analytics (Beta)

Understand the journey, makeup, and activation insights of your various audience segments with tools and reports that compare performance from one group to another, and identify overlaps across each segment.

Filter insights in segments (Beta)

Get helpful statistics about the makeup of each filter as you build audience segments.

Email scheduling

Write one-to-one customer emails, and schedule them for the right send and receipt time.

Email tracking and notifications

Track and log 1:1 emails and receive real-time notifications when emails are opened.

Unlimited email tracking notifications. Includes custom tracking domains.
Unlimited email tracking notifications. Includes custom tracking domains.
Unlimited email tracking notifications. Includes custom tracking domains.
Email templates

Save and reuse your most helpful emails. Share them with your team for faster and more consistent customer communication.

Up to 10,000 email templates per account.
Up to 10,000 email templates per account.
Up to 10,000 email templates per account.
Canned snippets

Create a bank of reusable answers for customers' most frequently asked questions that you can quickly add to live chats or emails to save time and help customers faster.

Up to 5,000 snippets per account.
Up to 5,000 snippets per account.
Up to 5,000 snippets per account.
Documents

Build a library of resources and collateral that you can easily share with customers. Get insight into when and where they are most engaged.

Up to 5,000 documents per account. Remove HubSpot branding.
Up to 5,000 documents per account. Remove HubSpot branding.
Up to 5,000 documents per account. Remove HubSpot branding.
HubSpot-provided phone numbers

Leverage first-party phone numbers to receive inbound calls or make outbound calls.

1 phone number. Not supported in all countries.
Up to 3 phone numbers. Not supported in all countries.
Up to 5 phone numbers. Not supported in all countries.
Calling

Place outbound calls from your HubSpot account, and receive inbound calls in your browser or forward them to a personal device. Calls can be recorded and auto-logged in your HubSpot database. To receive calls, you must use a HubSpot-provided phone number.

Up to 500 minutes of calling per account per month. Not supported in all countries.
Up to 3,000 minutes of calling per account per month. Not supported in all countries.
Up to 12,000 minutes of calling per account per month. Not supported in all countries.
Meeting scheduling

Share a link with customers that lets them see when you're free and book meetings with you, cutting out those tedious 'what time works best for you' emails.

Up to 1,000 personal and team meetings links, plus additional customization. Remove HubSpot branding.
Up to 1,000 personal and team meetings links, plus additional customization. Remove HubSpot branding.
Up to 1,000 personal and team meetings links, plus additional customization. Remove HubSpot branding.
Facebook Messenger integration

Automatically capture contact information, have two-way communications with your audience, create chatbots, book meetings with bots, and report on chat volume through Facebook Messenger.

Remove HubSpot branding.
Includes advanced Messenger bot branching and advanced reporting.
Includes the ability to use code snippets for custom Messenger bot actions.
Custom properties

Associate specific data points with contacts, companies, and deals.

1,000 custom properties per object.
1,000 custom properties per object.
1,000 custom properties per object.
Pipelines

Keep track of how records (e.g., deals, tickets, projects, etc.) move through your processes with customizable pipelines.

15 total pipelines per account across object types.
100 total pipelines per account across object types.
350 total pipelines per account across object types.
Multiple currencies

Track and manage multiple currencies in your HubSpot account.

Up to 5 currencies.
Up to 30 currencies.
Up to 200 currencies.
Form automation

Automate what happens after a form is submitted to convert and nurture leads, and triage support tickets.

Up to 10 automated actions. Includes automating emails, creating records, and updating properties in your HubSpot database after a form is submitted.
Unlimited actions. Includes automating emails, creating records, and updating properties in your HubSpot database after a form is submitted.
Unlimited actions. Includes automating emails, creating records, and updating properties in your HubSpot database after a form is submitted.
HubSpot mobile app

Work from anywhere with the HubSpot mobile app. Highlights include business card scanning, caller ID, and more. Available for iOS and Android.

Task queues

Power through your tasks with these automated to-do lists.

1:1 technical support

Get access to our global HubSpot customer support team so you can get the answers you need quickly.

Email and in-app chat support.
Email, in-app chat, and phone support.
Email, in-app chat, and phone support.
Slack integration

Create tasks, get notifications, see and share contacts — directly in Slack. No more switching between tools.

1-to-1 email

Send emails to individual contacts directly within the contact record, or directly within the associated company, deal, ticket, or custom object record.

Remove HubSpot branding.
Remove HubSpot branding.
Remove HubSpot branding.
Task calendar sync

Sync HubSpot tasks to a Google or Office calendar to get a full picture of your day.

HubSpot payments

Accept digital payments alongside your CRM with HubSpot’s built-in payment processing tool. Processing fees for HubSpot payments vary by region as listed here. High-volume businesses may qualify for custom rates (contact us to learn more). HubSpot payments is currently available for customers in the United States, the United Kingdom, and Canada with a bank account in these regions. Subject to underwriting approval and additional terms.

HubSpot capital financing — powered by Stripe

Access working capital in as little as 1-2 business days based on your payment history.

Available to U.S. and UK customers using HubSpot payments or Stripe payment processing.
Available to U.S. and UK customers using HubSpot payments or Stripe payment processing.
Available to U.S. and UK customers using HubSpot payments or Stripe payment processing.
CRM segments

Create static or dynamically updating audience segments based on various criteria using properties in your HubSpot database.

Up to 50 active CRM segments and 1,000 static CRM segments. CRM segmentation criteria limited to form submission data and contact property information.
Up to 1,200 active CRM segments and 1,200 static CRM segments.
Up to 2,000 active CRM segments and 2,000 static CRM segments.
Required fields

Define fields that must be completed by your team when certain actions are taken. Get more consistent data and more predictable outcomes.

Permission sets

Quickly configure user permissions, such as access to customer feedback surveys, your knowledge base, or templates.

Permission templates only.
Permission templates only.
Customize and save your own permission sets.
Product library

Create a product library showcasing your company’s goods or services. Add descriptions, images, pricing, availability, and more.

Up to 1 million products.
Up to 15 million products.
Up to 15 million products.
Object tags

Create rules that automatically apply color-coded tags to objects in your subscription, appearing on the board view, table view, and record page.

20 tags.
40 tags.
80 tags.
Social logins

Let users sign in to HubSpot using the Google or Microsoft social login, making it easy for them to log in while enhancing security and your control over who has access.

Ticket routing

Create dynamic routing rules that help your customers self-serve their issues with customer agent, or automatically connect them to the right agent the first time so you have more time to solve problems and delight customers.

Assign to customer agent only. Workflows not included.
Up to 300 workflows.
Up to 1,000 workflows. Also includes workflow health monitoring and skills-based ticket routing for channels connected to the help desk. (Skills-based routing not subject to workflow limit.)
Record timeline

Access the activity history for each record in your HubSpot Smart CRM.

View full history of activities.
View full history of activities.
View full history of activities.
Prospecting agent

Build a qualified sales pipeline with an AI-powered prospecting agent that researches and delivers personalized outreach strategies per lead. Prospecting agent consumes HubSpot Credits. Enrichment feature.

Data agent

Keep your CRM up-to-date with an AI-powered agent that tracks buying signals, finds good-fit companies, and updates your data using information in your CRM and the web. Data agent consumes HubSpot Credits.

Monitor and/or create companies with intent signals, build custom signals, and update data with AI.
Use intent and custom signals in workflows and company lead scores. Analyze, summarize, and categorize records with AI in workflows.
Use intent and custom signals in workflows and company lead scores. Analyze, summarize, and categorize records with AI in workflows.
AI-powered data formatting recommendations (Beta)

Use AI to keep your CRM data clean, consistent, and reliable.

Data quality overview (Beta)

Monitor your CRM data health and take quick action to fix duplicates, formatting issues, and missing data from one centralized place that keeps your teams and AI working with clean, reliable information.

Scan account for data quality issues every 2 weeks.
Scan account for data quality issues daily.
Scan account for data quality issues daily.
Standard CRM interface configuration

Match the layout of your CRM data to your team's needs by configuring existing elements of the CRM interface.

Create up to 10 custom tabs on record pages.
Create up to 1,000 team views across record pages and preview sidebars, up to 50 views on index pages per user, and up to 10 custom tabs.
Create up to 1,000 team views across record pages and preview sidebars, up to 50 views on index pages per user, and up to 10 custom tabs.
Projects

Manage projects in the same place your customer data lives and your go-to-market team already works.

Support automation

Automate your support process and cut time-consuming operational tasks by creating automations directly from your CRM records. Set up triggers and actions to keep your tickets moving without switching between tabs. Automate support processes with ticket-based emails and actions.

2 unique ticket emails and 50 workflows per account with restricted triggers and actions.
100 unique ticket emails and 300 fully customizable workflows per account.
200 unique ticket emails and 1,000 fully customizable workflows per account. Includes workflow health monitoring and the ability to trigger sequences.
Conversational context

Get an automatic analysis of your conversations, turning them into structured insights in your CRM that power smarter AI, better reporting, and more targeted segments.

50 conversational records per paid seat per month. Total limit enforced at the account level: [Number of paid seats x 50] conversational records per month.
250 conversational records per paid seat per month. Total limit enforced at the account level: [Number of paid seats x 250] conversational records per month.
350 conversational records per paid seat per month. Total limit enforced at the account level: [Number of paid seats x 350] conversational records per month.
AI transcript enrichment (Beta)

Automatically enrich your company and contact records with firmographic and demographic insights captured from call transcripts by AI.

Agent builder

Build custom agents and automations — powered by your customer data — all in one visual builder.

Build and deploy custom agents with simple automation tailored to your business.
Build and deploy custom agents with advanced automation and event-based triggers.
Build and deploy custom agents with advanced automation and event-based triggers.
HubSpot Work (Beta)

Manage projects, documents, and tasks using AI-powered work management tools built into your HubSpot CRM. Describe what you need in plain language, and AI can generate project tables, forms, and automations from a single prompt. Your CRM data is already connected, so work agents can act on real customer context without syncs or manual setup.

Limited automation.
Full automation.
Full automation.
Work agents (Beta)

Build AI agents within HubSpot Work (Beta) that execute your projects, tasks, and workflows for you. Work agents are optimized for work management and can run via the chat interface or operate in the background on your behalf. AI-powered work agents consume HubSpot Credits.

Limited automation.
Full automation.
Full automation.
Notetaker

Prepare for, capture, and summarize every customer conversation with notetaker to help you stay aligned and close deals faster.

URL mappings

Redirect traffic from a HubSpot-hosted knowledge base article to any URL.

Coaching playlists

Save your exemplary call recordings into playlists that help you upskill your reps at scale.

Handoffs

Allow reps to book meetings on behalf of other users, or use round-robin rotation.

Duplicate management

Use artificial intelligence to identify and merge duplicate records.

Logged-in visitor identification

Identify logged-in website visitors when they send you a message through live chat, making it easy for your team to send personalized replies.

Reply recommendations

Speed up responses to tickets in your help desk with AI-generated drafts of replies.

Sequences

Automate outreach, follow-up, and time-consuming tasks. Create flows of timed personalized emails, A/B test different messaging, remind yourself of important follow-up tasks, and more.

5,000 sequences per account, and up to 500 email sends/user/day.
5,000 sequences per account, and up to 1,000 email sends/user/day. Includes the ability to trigger sequences via workflows.
Custom reporting

Build custom reports that leverage contact, company, and ticket data from your contacts database alongside customer service data, so you can answer key business questions in one place.

Up to 100 custom reports and 10 million events per custom reporting query.
Up to 500 custom reports and 100 million events per custom reporting query.
Help desk

Provide support at scale with an AI-powered home base, where customer support reps can engage with customers and resolve tickets from every available channel. Create advanced views, and route incoming tickets and conversations based on attributes like owner or team.

Help desk spaces

Segment your help desk tickets by team, giving each group a structured space so your support operations stay organized and move faster.

50 spaces.
100 spaces.
Knowledge base

Turn your most-asked support questions into help articles that empower customers to self-serve and enable your customer agent to resolve incoming tickets.

1 knowledge base per account with up to 2,000 articles.
100 knowledge bases per account with up to 10,000 total articles.
Teams

Organize your HubSpot account users into different groups that you can use to control access, filter reports, and more.

Up to 10 teams.
Up to 300 teams plus ways to organize them.
Video hosting & management

Host and manage video files within HubSpot. Embed videos in knowledge base articles and emails. Add CTAs and forms within videos, and track performance with premade (Beta) and custom reports.

Up to 50 videos.
Up to 50 videos.
1:1 video messaging

Create help videos for customers with your laptop camera or screen-sharing tool. Add them to emails and tickets, or embed them in your HubSpot knowledge articles. All from inside your HubSpot account.

Customer feedback surveys

Gather customer feedback via CSAT (customer satisfaction), NPS (Net Promoter Score), and CES (customer effort score) surveys. Use this feedback to improve and grow your business.

50 NPS surveys, 50 CES surveys, and 100 CSAT surveys.
50 NPS surveys, 50 CES surveys, and 100 CSAT surveys.
Custom surveys

Solicit the feedback you need for your unique product or service, and deepen your customer relationships.

100 custom surveys. Add unlimited questions, use diverse question types (star ratings, radio select, text fields), and easily share your survey as a link in an email.
100 custom surveys. Add unlimited questions, use diverse question types (star ratings, radio select, text fields), and easily share your survey as a link in an email.
Insights dashboard

Keep track of all your customer feedback in a single dashboard, and use it view, track, and improve customer experience over time.

Calculated properties

Create fields that roll up data from other fields, build custom equations, and sync data between records.

40 calculated properties.
200 calculated properties.
Goals

Measure your team’s performance on a granular level using different types of time-based goals.

Template goals for revenue closed, average ticket resolution time, average ticket response time, and tickets closed.
Create custom goals, or use templates for service activities including tickets closed, ticket response and resolution times, meetings booked, revenue, and more.
Forecasting

Create detailed and customized forecasts for renewals and upgrades based on data from your contacts database.

Default and custom forecasting and reporting.
Default and custom forecasting and reporting, including forecasting across team hierarchies.
Agent presence in inbox

See when more than one agent is working on the same ticket to reduce visitor confusion and increase agent efficiency.

Salesforce integration

Keep your Salesforce and HubSpot data in sync and up-to-date. Take sales actions right from records inside Salesforce.

Up to 500 field mappings per object, and up to 10,000 Salesforce owners. Integrate up to 1 Salesforce account to HubSpot at a time.
Up to 500 field mappings per object, and up to 10,000 Salesforce owners. Integrate up to 1 Salesforce account to HubSpot at a time.
Knowledge base single sign-on

Give authorized customers access to your company’s restricted knowledge base content using their primary login. Pairs with most third-party SSO solutions. Manage access by assigning users to specific access groups.

Up to 2 access groups for private knowledge base (limit shared with customer portal).
Up to 100 access groups for private knowledge base (limit shared with customer portal).
Knowledge base agent (Beta)

An AI-powered agent that analyzes your knowledge base articles and surfaces gaps — informing the creation of new content and edits to existing content where things are unclear, outdated, incomplete, or off-brand. Review, accept, or reject each suggestion to keep your content fresh and up-to-date. Knowledge base agent consumes HubSpot Credits.

Customer portal

Give your customers more control over their customer service experience with a secure place to view, open, and reply to their support tickets, and access your knowledge base. Manage access by assigning users to specific access groups.

Up to 2 access groups for customer portal (limit shared with knowledge base, and self-registration is counted as 1 access group).
Up to 100 access groups for customer portal (limit shared with knowledge base, and self-registration is counted as 1 access group).
Post-chat feedback

Send customer satisfaction (CSAT) surveys to customers through live chat or chatbots to collect instant feedback on your chat engagements.

SLAs

Create service-level agreements (SLAs) for metrics like "time to close" and "time to first reply" so your team can easily prioritize incoming requests and meet customers’ expectations

Custom ticket and conversation views

Create custom views in the shared inbox and help desk workspace based on various ticket and conversation properties, helping your team stay focused and get their work done more efficiently.

50 custom views per account.
600 custom views per account.
Service analytics

A collection of fully customizable, out-of-the-box reports you can edit and save to your reporting dashboards — giving you insight into your customers and support processes so you can improve outcomes over time.

Association labels

Create custom association labels for different pairs of standard CRM objects (i.e. contacts, companies, deals, and tickets) to specify the relationship between those objects.

Up to 50 labels for associations between each object pair (e.g., 50 labels for contacts and deals, 50 labels for companies and contacts, etc.).
Up to 50 labels for associations between each object pair (e.g., 50 labels for contacts and deals, 50 labels for companies and contacts, etc.).
Playbooks

Build a library of resources and guides for your customer service team to follow. Automatically surface recommended content to your team, right when they need it.

Create up to 5 playbooks, and capture notes in playbooks.
Create up to 5,000 playbooks. Embed properties or capture notes in playbooks.
WhatsApp integration

Send and receive WhatsApp messages through the shared inbox, and send automated WhatsApp messages using workflows.

Up to 1,000 messages per month.
Up to 1,000 messages per month.
Presets

As an admin, easily configure users and teams within your HubSpot account. Create email signatures, manage notifications, and choose defaults such as home screen, dashboard, language, and date and number format.

Up to 5 presets.
Up to 100 presets.
Call transcription and coaching

Gain real-time insight into calls with automatic recording and transcription to help you coach your team and gain visibility into your customer conversations.

Search, review, and comment on calls. 750 hours of transcription per account, per month.
Search, review, and comment on calls. 1,500 hours of transcription per account, per month.
Customer agent

Answer customer questions instantly across various channels — chat, email, forms, and calling (Beta) — with an AI-powered agent you can train in minutes and that escalates to your team when needed. Customer agent consumes HubSpot Credits.

Conversation intelligence

Leverage AI to gain deep insight into the contents of your teams’ calls, with stats, insights, and call transcriptions captured for every conversation.

Includes tracked terms.
Customer success workspace

A centralized place to oversee post-sales customer management that helps customer success reps stay focused and drive retention.

Health scores

Build scores based on company- and/or individual-level behavior and demographic data to measure the state of your customer relationships. Leverage reporting and automation to monitor and respond to these scores.

50 scores.
50 scores.
Draggable chat widget

Give your website visitors the option to drag the chat widget from its preset location (bottom left or bottom right) to anywhere on the screen.

Single sign-on

Let users sign in to HubSpot using SAML single sign-on credentials, making it easy for them to log in while enhancing security and your control over who has access.

Brand identity (Beta)

Automatically gather and apply brand-specific context — including voice, tone, visual identity, mission, products, and competitive insights — to enable higher-quality AI-generated content. Maintain consistency across channels and scale content creation while keeping your brand’s unique identity intact.

Custom channels API

Integrate any text-based messaging channel to your help desk.

Interactive voice response

Use interactive voice response (IVR) to automate call management, reduce wait times, and improve the customer experience through customized routing.

Custom events

Track actions unique to your business from your website, app, or other tools. Event data will be available in the custom report builder, customer journey analytics, segments, workflows, and on the activity timeline. Includes codeless creation via the event visualizer.

Limited to 500 event definitions and 10 million completions per month.
Limited to 500 event definitions and 30 million completions per month.
Macros

Apply pre-built macros to your tickets in a single click, instantly sending a response and triggering follow-up actions so your team can close issues faster in your help desk.

500 macros.
1,500 macros.
Ticket capacity limits

Set personalized open ticket limits per user or channel, ensuring each team member is automatically assigned a workload that reflects their tenure and capacity.

Product usage tracking (Beta)

Combine custom events and set frequency expectations to define activation and usage events. These events can be set for different products within the product library.

10 activation or usage events per account.
10 activation or usage events per account.
Deal plans (Beta)

Generate a shared roadmap of each deal for you and your buyers. Outline next steps, assign responsibilities, set deadlines, and track progress in one collaborative space.

Deal progression (Beta)

Automatically analyze emails and transcripts to update CRM fields, draft replies, and surface next best actions. Custom property updates are powered by data agent and consume HubSpot Credits.

Customer experience score (Beta)

Get an AI-generated customer experience score and explanation for each ticket, helping you evaluate customer satisfaction and identify trends over time.

Unavailable for Sensitive Data accounts due to additional legal, compliance, and AI-processing requirements.
Unavailable for Sensitive Data accounts due to additional legal, compliance, and AI-processing requirements.
Customer journey analytics

Understand your customers' interactions with self-service resources and support teams, measure and optimize the effectiveness of your engagement with customers, and streamline support processes by identifying bottlenecks and inefficiencies.

Each report can include up to 15 stages (with 1-5 events per stage, up to a max of 15 unique events) and is limited to 60 months of data or 20 million events (whichever comes first).
Salesforce custom object sync

Map Salesforce custom objects to HubSpot custom objects, and sync data one way from Salesforce into HubSpot.

Custom objects

Store almost any type of data in HubSpot, including subscriptions, locations, shipments, events, and more. View custom object records, set up workflows, and run reports on the data associated with custom objects. Also available on mobile.

Up to 10 object definitions and 1,000,000 total custom object records.
Recurring revenue tracking

Build detailed reports to manage and track recurring revenue and renewals.

Organize teams

Organize users on multiple levels based on team, region, business unit, brand, or any other dimension, to suit the way your business works.

Up to 300 teams.
Field-level permissions

Disable the editing of specific properties for certain reps to keep your team efficient and your database clean.

Admin notifications management

Set up default notifications for all users in your account, or create notification profiles by role.

Standard sandbox account

Test various changes and functionalities in a safe environment before they go live — without impacting your main account.

One standard sandbox. Import up to 200K records per type: contacts, companies, deals, tickets, custom objects, carts, invoices, marketing events, and orders. In workflows, enroll up to 100K records per day per sandbox.
Log in as another user

Allow HubSpot users with super admin permissions to temporarily sign in as a different user.

Capacity limits for live chat

As an admin, set capacity limits for all your live chat agents so no chats are automatically assigned to agents when they're over their capacity limit.

Up to 99 active chats.
Skills-based ticket routing

Create routing rules that assign incoming service requests in your help desk to agents with specific skills.

Conditional SLAs

As an admin, create a set of conditional service-level agreements (SLAs) that applies to new tickets from help desk-connected channels. Conditions can be based on ticket properties and/or properties of other objects associated with tickets, allowing you to customize how SLAs are applied for VIP, regional, and high-urgency customers.

User object custom properties

View, customize, and manage user properties and preferences for every user in your HubSpot account.

Quality assurance score (Beta)

Replace manual reviews of tickets with AI-generated scores and score explanations for ticket tone, empathy, and clarity.

Unavailable for Sensitive Data accounts due to additional legal, compliance, and AI-processing requirements.

Content Hub

HubSpot’s AI-powered content marketing software helps you create and manage content to fuel the entire customer journey — all in one place. It offers the tools you and your developers need to create personalized content journeys that drive engagement, and manage content assets at scale. Content Hub is available in three editions — Starter, Professional, and Enterprise — with select functionality in our free tools.

For new customers after March 5, 2024, Content Hub is priced per seat at the Starter edition and starts at a base price for Professional and Enterprise editions. For existing customers, the pricing model for your subscription(s) won’t be affected at this time, and you’ll stay on your current pricing model unless and until we contact you. If you purchase Content Hub, phone, email, and in-app support is included at no additional cost for your users with a paid seat (or for legacy customers, your paid users). 

CONTENT HUB STARTER
Starts at $20/month per seat
Additional Core Seats (Starter) available for $20/month per seat. See additional seat types in the “Pricing Overview” section.
CONTENT HUB PROFESSIONAL
Starts at $500/month
(3 Core Seats included)

Additional Core Seats (Professional) available for $50/month per seat. See additional seat types in the “Pricing Overview” section.
CONTENT HUB ENTERPRISE
Starts at $1,500/month
(5 Core Seats included)

Billed annually. Additional Core Seats (Enterprise) available for $75/month per seat. See additional seat types in the “Pricing Overview” section.
All Free Tools

Forms

Create standalone, embedded, and collected forms to gather the contact details that your business needs.

Includes standalone, embedded, and collected forms, consent collection, custom styling, custom email validation, and the ability to remove HubSpot branding.
Includes everything in Starter, plus code customizations, custom email validation, conditional logic, custom targeting and redirects, and AI spam detection (Beta).
Includes everything in Professional.
Form follow-up emails

Send automated emails after form submissions to start nurturing and converting leads.

Up to 3 automated emails per form.
Up to 3 automated emails per form.
Up to 3 automated emails per form.
1:1 technical support

Get access to our global HubSpot customer support team so you can get the answers you need quickly.

Email and in-app chat support.
Email, in-app chat, and phone support.
Email, in-app chat, and phone support.
Premium hosting

Host your pages and files on a fully managed and optimized infrastructure that scales with your business. Includes standard SSL certificate, content delivery network (CDN), web application firewall (WAF), and 24/7 security monitoring and threat detection.

AI assistants

Use AI to help with content creation, such as automatically writing meta descriptions, improving web copy, and more.

AI image generator

Create AI-generated images tailored to your content.

CRM segments

Create static or dynamically updating audience segments based on various criteria using properties in your HubSpot database. Use them to power more personalized content in email, on the web, and more.

Up to 10 active CRM segments and 1,000 static CRM segments.
Up to 10 active CRM segments and 1,000 static CRM segments.
Up to 10 active CRM segments and 1,000 static CRM segments.
Blog

Create search engine-optimized content for your blog based on best practices, and scale your content production with integrated AI features.

One blog on the same subdomain as your website. Includes 10K blog posts, up to 20 authors, and 50 tags. Remove HubSpot branding.
Up to 100 blogs on unlimited subdomains. Includes 10K blog posts, up to 2K authors, and 5K tags. Remove HubSpot branding.
Up to 100 blogs on unlimited subdomains. Includes 10K blog posts, up to 2K authors, and 5K tags. Remove HubSpot branding.
Permission sets

Quickly configure user permissions, such as access to your blog, website, or landing pages.

Permission templates only.
Permission templates only.
Customize and save your own permission sets.
Calls-to-action

Create embedded and pop-up calls-to-action (CTAs) that match the look and feel of your website and guide visitors toward conversion points. Use personalization to reach different target audiences with the right message, and track visitor actions across multiple web pages.

Does not include custom targeting by device type, country, referral URL, etc.
Includes custom targeting by device type, country, referral URL, and more.
Includes custom targeting by device type, country, referral URL, and more.
Product library

Create a product library showcasing your company’s goods or services. Add descriptions, images, pricing, availability, and more.

Up to 1 million products.
Up to 15 million products.
Up to 15 million products.
Cookie management tools

Create and manage cookie banners on your website to capture tracking consent from your website visitors.

Create up to 100 consent banners with different geotargeting rules, languages, and banner templates. Includes support for GPC signals. Allow visitors to update their consent preferences with the cookie settings button. Remove HubSpot branding.
Create up to 100 consent banners with different geotargeting rules, languages, and banner templates. Includes support for GPC signals. Allow visitors to update their consent preferences with the cookie settings button. Remove HubSpot branding.
Create up to 100 consent banners with different geotargeting rules, languages, and banner templates. Includes support for GPC signals. Allow visitors to update their consent preferences with the cookie settings button. Remove HubSpot branding.
Social logins

Let users sign in to HubSpot using the Google or Microsoft social login, making it easy for them to log in while enhancing security and your control over who has access.

Landing pages

Create responsive landing pages built to convert using our drag-and-drop editor.

Up to 30 total landing pages. Includes custom templates. Remove HubSpot branding.
Up to 10K landing pages. Includes custom templates, smart content for personalization, A/B testing, adaptive testing, and SEO recommendations. Remove HubSpot branding. (Note: Dynamic pages don’t count against your landing page limit.)
Up to 10K landing pages. Includes custom templates, smart content for personalization, A/B testing, adaptive testing, and SEO recommendations. Remove HubSpot branding. (Note: Dynamic pages don’t count against your landing page limit.)
Website pages

Create responsive website pages with built-in assets and editors, or work with developers to create custom pages that still keep editing simple.

Up to 30 total website pages. Remove HubSpot branding.
Up to 10K website pages. Includes smart content for personalization, A/B testing, adaptive testing, and SEO recommendations. Remove HubSpot branding. (Note: Dynamic pages don't count against your website page limit.)
Up to 10K website pages. Includes smart content for personalization, A/B testing, adaptive testing, and SEO recommendations. Remove HubSpot branding. (Note: Dynamic pages don't count against your website page limit.)
Multiple currencies

Track and manage multiple currencies in your HubSpot account.

Up to 5 currencies.
Up to 30 currencies.
Up to 200 currencies.
Content library

Create a centralized repository of your digital content where site visitors, prospects, or existing customers can download files, access marketing content, or view external sites and portfolios.

Includes content library module. Remove HubSpot branding.
Includes content library module, plus the ability to gate your content library behind a login. Remove HubSpot branding.
Includes content library module, plus the ability to gate your content library behind a login. Remove HubSpot branding.
Subdomain and country code top-level domain availability

Connect your HubSpot account to a subdomain and/or country code top-level domain of a single brand's URL to host landing pages, blog posts, and other content you create inside your account.

1 subdomain and 1 country code top-level domain on 1 root domain.
Unlimited number of subdomains and country code top-level domains on 1 root domain.
Unlimited number of subdomains and country code top-level domains on up to 10 root domains.
Ad management

Connect accounts from Google, Meta, Microsoft, TikTok, Reddit, LinkedIn, and ChatGPT to your HubSpot account. Create audiences from your HubSpot contacts database, and see which ads are generating customers.

Requires native accounts and ad purchases through each individual ad network. Access to contact list audience functionality is dependent on your account health as determined by us, and is subject to the terms and conditions as specified by each ad network.

Limited to two connected accounts across any supported network. Website audience creation only.
Requires native accounts and ad purchases through each individual ad network. Access to contact list audience functionality is dependent on your account health as determined by us, and is subject to the terms and conditions as specified by each ad network.

Limited to two connected accounts across any supported network. Website audience creation only.
Requires native accounts and ad purchases through each individual ad network. Access to contact list audience functionality is dependent on your account health as determined by us, and is subject to the terms and conditions as specified by each ad network.

Limited to two connected accounts across any supported network. Website audience creation only.
Multi-language content creation

Create multi-language versions of website pages, landing pages, and blog posts. Multi-language variants of a website page or blog post will automatically be associated together, making your content easier to manage as you scale. See HubSpot’s supported languages.

Up to 50 HubSpot-supported languages.
Unlimited HubSpot-supported languages.
Unlimited HubSpot-supported languages.
Live chat

Chat 1-to-1 with visitors as they browse your site, and give them the information they need about your business.

Remove HubSpot branding.
Remove HubSpot branding.
Remove HubSpot branding.
Conversational bots

Scale live chat using bots. They can qualify leads, collect and store contact data, book meetings, and send leads to the right salesperson.

Includes ticket creation, lead qualification, and meeting booking bots.
Includes ticket creation, lead qualification, and meeting booking bots, plus custom bots, custom branching logic, and advanced targeting.
Includes ticket creation, lead qualification, and meeting booking bots, plus custom bots, custom branching logic, and advanced targeting.
Shared inbox

Set up a shared inbox — for all incoming email, live chats and more — that your whole team can work from, easily managing 1-to-1 communications at scale.

Limited to 1 Inbox.
Up to 100 inboxes.
Up to 200 inboxes.
Facebook Messenger integration

Automatically capture contact information, have two-way communications with your audience, create chatbots, book meetings with bots, and report on chat volume through Facebook Messenger.

Remove HubSpot branding.
Includes advanced Messenger bot branching and advanced reporting.
Includes the ability to use code snippets for custom Messenger bot actions.
Reporting dashboard

Get data on your website, marketing, sales, and customer service performance. Gain insight into business performance and opportunities for improvement.

30 dashboards, 50 reports per dashboard.
75 dashboards, 50 reports per dashboard.
100 dashboards, 50 reports per dashboard.
Segment analytics (Beta)

Understand the journey, makeup, and activation insights of your various audience segments with tools and reports that compare performance from one group to another, and identify overlaps across each segment.

Filter insights in segments (Beta)

Get helpful statistics about the makeup of each filter as you build audience segments.

URL mappings

Redirect traffic from a HubSpot-hosted page or blog post to any URL.

Website traffic analytics

See how your content is performing with detailed filters like bounce rate, average time on page, and more.

Standard web analytics dashboard.
Customizable website traffic analytics.
Customizable website traffic analytics.
HubSpot Marketplace

Discover apps, templates, AI agents and assistants, solutions partners, and more through AI-powered recommendations. Search by use case, explore trending tools, and unify your tech stack in HubSpot.

Compatible apps, themes, and agents.
Compatible apps, themes, and agents.
Compatible apps, themes, and agents.
HubSpot payments

Accept digital payments alongside your CRM with HubSpot’s built-in payment processing tool. Processing fees for HubSpot payments vary by region as listed here. High-volume businesses may qualify for custom rates (contact us to learn more). HubSpot payments is currently available for customers in the United States, the United Kingdom, and Canada with a bank account in these regions. Subject to underwriting approval and additional terms.

Personalization tokens

Personalize your website for individual visitors by dynamically displaying CRM property values such as first name, last name, contact owner, and email address in website content.

Required fields

Define fields that must be completed by your team when certain actions are taken. Get more consistent data and more predictable outcomes.

SEO recommendations & optimizations

Find topics to write about, identify SEO issues across your website, and learn how to optimize your pages to get more organic traffic.

Basic recommendations.
Advanced recommendations, full site auditing, and topics.
Advanced recommendations, full site auditing, and topics.
Record timeline

Access the activity history for each record in your HubSpot Smart CRM.

View full history of activities.
View full history of activities.
View full history of activities.
AI-powered data formatting recommendations (Beta)

Use AI to keep your CRM data clean, consistent, and reliable.

Data quality overview (Beta)

Monitor your CRM data health and take quick action to fix duplicates, formatting issues, and missing data from one centralized place that keeps your teams and AI working with clean, reliable information.

Scan account for data quality issues every 2 weeks.
Scan account for data quality issues daily.
Scan account for data quality issues daily.
Standard CRM interface configuration

Match the layout of your CRM data to your team's needs by configuring existing elements of the CRM interface.

Create up to 10 custom tabs on record pages.
Create up to 1,000 team views across record pages and preview sidebars, up to 50 views on index pages per user, and up to 10 custom tabs.
Create up to 1,000 team views across record pages and preview sidebars, up to 50 views on index pages per user, and up to 10 custom tabs.
Projects

Manage projects in the same place your customer data lives and your go-to-market team already works.

Pipelines

Keep track of how records (e.g., deals, tickets, projects, etc.) move through your processes with customizable pipelines.

15 total pipelines per account across object types.
100 total pipelines per account across object types.
350 total pipelines per account across object types.
Custom domains — invoices

Use your own domain for invoices to deliver a seamless customer experience and ensure brand consistency.

HubSpot payments account required for invoice checkout functionality.
HubSpot payments account required for invoice checkout functionality.
HubSpot payments account required for invoice checkout functionality.
Custom domains — payment links

Use your own domain for payment links to deliver a seamless customer experience and ensure brand consistency.

HubSpot payments account required.
HubSpot payments account required.
HubSpot payments account required.
HubSpot capital financing — powered by Stripe

Access working capital in as little as 1-2 business days based on your payment history.

Available to U.S. and UK customers using HubSpot payments or Stripe payment processing.
Available to U.S. and UK customers using HubSpot payments or Stripe payment processing.
Available to U.S. and UK customers using HubSpot payments or Stripe payment processing.
Conversational context

Get an automatic analysis of your conversations, turning them into structured insights in your CRM that power smarter AI, better reporting, and more targeted segments.

50 conversational records per paid seat per month. Total limit enforced at the account level: [Number of paid seats x 50] conversational records per month.
250 conversational records per paid seat per month. Total limit enforced at the account level: [Number of paid seats x 250] conversational records per month.
350 conversational records per paid seat per month. Total limit enforced at the account level: [Number of paid seats x 350] conversational records per month.
Prospecting agent

Build a qualified sales pipeline with an AI-powered prospecting agent that researches and delivers personalized outreach strategies per lead. Prospecting agent consumes HubSpot Credits. Enrichment feature.

Agent builder

Build custom agents and automations — powered by your customer data — all in one visual builder.

Build and deploy custom agents with simple automation tailored to your business.
Build and deploy custom agents with advanced automation and event-based triggers.
Build and deploy custom agents with advanced automation and event-based triggers.
HubSpot Work (Beta)

Manage projects, documents, and tasks using AI-powered work management tools built into your HubSpot CRM. Describe what you need in plain language, and AI can generate project tables, forms, and automations from a single prompt. Your CRM data is already connected, so work agents can act on real customer context without syncs or manual setup.

Limited automation.
Full automation.
Full automation.
Work agents (Beta)

Build AI agents within HubSpot Work (Beta) that execute your projects, tasks, and workflows for you. Work agents are optimized for work management and can run via the chat interface or operate in the background on your behalf. AI-powered work agents consume HubSpot Credits.

Limited automation.
Full automation.
Full automation.
Customer agent

Answer customer questions instantly across various channels — chat, email, forms, and calling (Beta) — with an AI-powered agent you can train in minutes and that escalates to your team when needed. Customer agent consumes HubSpot Credits.

Content remix (Beta)

Expand the impact of your best content by easily repurposing it across marketing channels. For example, turn blog posts into social posts and ads to generate leads, or turn podcasts into blog posts and email campaigns.

Generate up to 20 pieces of content per day.
Generate up to 50 pieces of content per day.
Content embed

Create and manage modules and sections in HubSpot and easily embed them anywhere, including non-HubSpot hosted websites and in HubSpot’s WordPress plugin. Content embeds unlock your ability to personalize using smart content and personalization tokens, leverage CRM and HubDB data, and automatically publish updates anywhere a content embed is used.

Up to 3 blocks per page.
Up to 3 blocks per page.
Brand voice (Beta)

Define your brand voice using past writing samples, then use AI to create new content that uses your unique brand voice. Currently supports the blog, email, social media, SMS tools, and podcasts.

Multiple channel voices, rule capture, easy setup, and multi-language support (ES, PT, FR, DE, and JA).
Multiple channel voices, rule capture, easy setup, and multi-language support (ES, PT, FR, DE, and JA).
AI translation

Automatically translate your website page, landing page, or blog post content from one language to another. See HubSpot's supported languages.

Automatically translate content.
Automatically translate content.
Post narration

Create audio versions of your blog posts to support your audiences’ content preferences.

Podcasts

Create and manage your podcast episodes in HubSpot. Distribute your podcast through an RSS feed compatible with all major audio directories, and gain access to valuable performance insights to help you grow your audience.

Up to 5 podcasts and 1K podcast episodes.
Up to 50 podcasts and 5K podcast episodes.
Member blog

Generate higher quality leads by gating exclusive content for prospects and site visitors behind a login.

Up to 2 access groups.
Up to 100 access groups.
Smart content for pages

Personalize your visitors’ experiences by displaying different versions of your content based on CRM data, ad source, query parameters, and more.

Dynamic pages

Dynamically generate SEO-friendly pages and manage content at scale using data stored in HubDB and your HubSpot CRM.

HubDB

Create, import, store, and manage custom data types in a relational data store using HubDB tables, similar to spreadsheets. Use HubDB data to dynamically create and populate content within different content types such as website pages, landing pages, and the blog tool. Includes the HubDB API for building apps, fetching table data for use externally, and syncing data with other systems.

Calculated properties

Create fields that roll up data from other fields, build custom equations, and sync data between records.

40 calculated properties.
200 calculated properties.
Content staging

Build out a brand new site without touching your existing web presence. Content staging allows you to build safely in a separate staging area, test changes, and seamlessly take the new design live.

Google Search Console integration

Get organic search insights like average ranking position, related searches, total impressions, and clickthrough rate for pages on your website — right inside your HubSpot account.

Video creation & editing

Create high-quality videos with captions, branding, and other style elements that can be shared across social channels.

Video hosting & management

Host and manage video files within HubSpot. Use AI to optimize videos for distribution (Beta), generate translations (Beta), and identify short-form clips for reuse across channels (Beta). Embed videos in site pages and emails, add CTAs and forms within videos, and track performance with premade (Beta) and custom reports.

Up to 150 videos.
Up to 500 videos.
Password-protected pages

Password-protect website pages and landing pages, giving you the ability to control who can see the content on a specific page.

Logged-in visitor identification

Identify logged-in website visitors when they send you a message through live chat, making it easy for your team to send personalized replies.

A/B testing

Run A/B tests on landing pages and website pages to hone in on the best performing variations in copy and design.

Adaptive testing

Automate your A/B tests using artificial intelligence and machine learning to save time and improve conversion rates on your website.

Test up to 5 page variations at a time.
Test up to 5 page variations at a time.
Custom reporting

Build custom reports that leverage contact, company, and deal data from your contacts database alongside website and marketing engagement data, so you can answer key business questions in one place.

Up to 100 custom reports and 10 million events per custom reporting query.
Up to 500 custom reports and 100 million events per custom reporting query.
Web visitor segments (Beta)

Create cohorts of your web visitor data that allow you to analyze specific groups of users, sessions, or events. Visitor segments provide a more granular view of your website traffic and user behavior, enabling deeper insights and opportunities for personalization.

Contact create attribution

Understand your website’s impact on lead generation. See which sources, campaigns, referrers, content types, or titles are driving leads, right in your contacts database. Measure success across five different multi-touch attribution models.

Track up to 10,000 logged contact interactions.
Track up to 10,000 logged contact interactions.
SEO analytics

Track how your organic search performance is trending over time with a dashboard that reports on important metrics like impressions, clicks, clickthrough rate, and average position (ranking). Drill down into individual web pages to see the exact search queries they're ranking for.

Custom views in shared inbox

Create custom views in the shared inbox based on various ticket and conversation properties, helping your team members stay focused and get their work done more efficiently.

50 custom views per account.
600 custom views per account.
Duplicate management

Use artificial intelligence to identify and merge duplicate records.

Teams

Organize your users into teams, based on region, business unit, product line, or more. Assign marketing assets and database records to teams. And get regular team performance reports too.

Up to 10 teams.
Up to 300 teams plus ways to organize them.
Filtered analytics view

Report on the success of your content based on what’s most meaningful to your business. Filter your analytics by domain, country, or any URL path on your site.

Up to 25 filtered analytics views.
Up to 50 filtered analytics views.
HubSpot mobile app

Work from anywhere with the HubSpot mobile app. Highlights include business card scanning, caller ID, and more. Available for iOS and Android.

Site tree

Manage your website content in a hierarchical system of folders so you can quickly see how your website is structured.

Salesforce integration

Keep your Salesforce and HubSpot data in sync and up-to-date.

Up to 500 field mappings per object, and up to 10,000 Salesforce owners. Integrate up to 1 Salesforce account to HubSpot at a time.
Up to 500 field mappings per object, and up to 10,000 Salesforce owners. Integrate up to 1 Salesforce account to HubSpot at a time.
Association labels

Create custom association labels for different pairs of standard CRM objects (i.e. contacts, companies, deals, and tickets) to specify the relationship between those objects.

Up to 50 labels for associations between each object pair (e.g., 50 labels for contacts and deals, 50 labels for companies and contacts, etc.).
Up to 50 labels for associations between each object pair (e.g., 50 labels for contacts and deals, 50 labels for companies and contacts, etc.).
Presets

As an admin, easily configure users and teams within your HubSpot account. Create email signatures, manage notifications, and choose defaults such as home screen, dashboard, language, and date and number format.

Up to 5 presets.
Up to 100 presets.
Memberships

Restrict access to specific HubSpot-hosted web pages, landing pages, and blog content by requiring visitors to log in with a username and password. Manage access by assigning members to specific access groups.

Up to 2 access groups.
Up to 100 access groups.
AI content generation

Use AI to generate high-quality content such as blogs, website pages, and landing pages — using your brand voice with CRM data.

Generate up to 30 blog posts per day.
Generate up to 30 blog posts per day.
Draggable chat widget

Give your website visitors the option to drag the chat widget from its preset location (bottom left or bottom right) to anywhere on the screen.

Single sign-on

Let users sign in to HubSpot using SAML single sign-on credentials, making it easy for them to log in while enhancing security and your control over who has access.

Brand identity (Beta)

Automatically gather and apply brand-specific context — including voice, tone, visual identity, mission, products, and competitive insights — to enable higher-quality AI-generated content. Maintain consistency across channels and scale content creation while keeping your brand’s unique identity intact.

Revenue analytics suite

View sales and billing data together in one unified reporting suite to track invoices, subscriptions, and payments for a complete picture of your business performance.

Available to customers with a connected payments account.
Available to customers with a connected payments account.
Custom revenue reporting

Combine revenue and CRM data in powerful customizable reports to gain a deeper understanding of your revenue performance.

Custom events

Track actions unique to your business from your website, app, or other tools. Event data will be available in the custom report builder, customer journey analytics, segments, workflows, and on the activity timeline. Includes codeless creation via the event visualizer.

Limited to 500 event definitions and 10 million completions per month.
Limited to 500 event definitions and 30 million completions per month.
Salesforce custom object sync

Map Salesforce custom objects to HubSpot custom objects, and sync data one way from Salesforce into HubSpot.

Custom objects

Store almost any type of data in HubSpot, including subscriptions, locations, shipments, events, and more. View custom object records, set up workflows, and run reports on the data associated with custom objects. Also available on mobile.

Up to 10 object definitions and 1,000,000 total custom object records.
Multisites

Build, host, partition, and report on multiple websites within the same HubSpot account. Includes your core domain plus nine additional root domains (with more available for purchase as add-ons).

Includes your core domain plus 9 additional root domains
Code alerts

Scan website pages, landing pages, blog listing pages, modules, and templates for common performance errors that result in slow-loading pages.

Limit access to content

Give teams different permissions for your site pages, landing pages, blog content, forms, and CTAs based on role, region, and more, so they can only see and edit content relevant to them. Partitioning for emails, segments, and workflows is not included.

Activity logging

Track down changes to HubSpot content including pages, modules, blogs, images, CTAs, and others.

Organize teams

Organize users on multiple levels based on team, region, business unit, brand, or any other dimension, to suit the way your business works.

Up to 300 teams.
Serverless functions

Host custom serverless function code within HubSpot to power custom-coded web apps and widgets like a calculator, an event system, a learning management system (LMS), etc.

Field-level permissions

Disable the editing of specific properties for certain reps to keep your team efficient and your database clean.

Admin notifications management

Set up default notifications for all users in your account, or create notification profiles by role.

Multi-domain traffic reporting

Filter your web traffic analytics by each domain you are hosting within HubSpot.

Standard sandbox account

Test various changes and functionalities in a safe environment before they go live — without impacting your main account.

One standard sandbox. Import up to 200K records per type: contacts, companies, deals, tickets, custom objects, carts, invoices, marketing events, and orders. In workflows, enroll up to 100K records per day per sandbox.
Log in as another user

Allow HubSpot users with super admin permissions to temporarily sign in as a different user.

Content approvals

Require or request approval before publishing a web page, blog post, or landing page.

Sensitive Data

Secure and store Sensitive Data like government ID, demographic data, and limited financial data inside your HubSpot account. All Sensitive Data functionality is subject to the terms in the “Sensitive Data” section and HubSpot's Sensitive Data terms.

Content sync (Beta)

Enable one-way content sync from production to sandbox environments, allowing developers to safely test changes using real production content without impacting live pages.

User object custom properties

View, customize, and manage user properties and preferences for every user in your HubSpot account.

Additional Limits in Content Hub

Content Hub is more than capable of providing a fast experience while serving millions of page views. We reserve the right to throttle bandwidth or apply other bandwidth optimization methods if we reasonably believe your HubSpot-hosted content consumes excessive bandwidth or otherwise abuses or degrades our infrastructure and/or systems.

Data Hub

HubSpot's data management software includes a full suite of tools that enables you to connect your apps, sync and clean customer data, and automate every process for an efficient business and a friction-free customer experience. Data Hub is available in three editions — Starter, Professional, and Enterprise — with select functionality in our free tools.

For new customers after March 5, 2024, Data Hub is priced per seat at the Starter edition and starts at a base price for Professional and Enterprise editions. For existing customers, the pricing model for your subscription(s) won’t be affected at this time, and you’ll stay on your current pricing model unless and until we contact you.

DATA HUB STARTER
Starts at $20/month per seat
Additional Core Seats (Starter) available for $20/month per seat. See additional seat types in the “Pricing Overview” section.
DATA HUB PROFESSIONAL
Starts at $800/month
(1 Core Seat included)

Additional Core Seats (Professional) available for $50/month per seat. See additional seat types in the “Pricing Overview” section.
DATA HUB ENTERPRISE
Starts at $2,000/month
(1 Core Seat included)

Billed annually. Additional Core Seats (Enterprise) available for $75/month per seat. See additional seat types in the “Pricing Overview” section.
All Free Tools

Data Hub includes access to all the free tools listed in the “Free Tools” table above.

Custom field mappings

Create your own custom field mappings to ensure the right data passes between apps.

Custom properties

Associate specific data points with contacts, companies, and deals.

1,000 custom properties per object.
1,000 custom properties per object.
1,000 custom properties per object.
Reporting dashboard

Get in-depth data on your business performance, so you know how you're doing and where to improve.

30 dashboards, 50 reports per dashboard.
325 dashboards, 50 reports per dashboard.
350 dashboards, 50 reports per dashboard.
Segment analytics (Beta)

Understand the journey, makeup, and activation insights of your various audience segments with tools and reports that compare performance from one group to another, and identify overlaps across each segment.

CRM segments

Create static or dynamically updating audience segments based on various criteria using properties in your HubSpot database. Use them to power efficient business processes and detailed reporting.

Up to 25 active CRM segments and 1,000 static CRM segments. CRM segmentation criteria limited to form submission data, contact property information, and marketing email activity.
Up to 1,100 active CRM segments and 1,000 static CRM segments.
Up to 1,600 active CRM segments and 1,500 static CRM segments.
Multiple currencies

Track and manage multiple currencies in your HubSpot account.

Up to 5 currencies.
Up to 30 currencies.
Up to 200 currencies.
1:1 technical support

Get access to our global HubSpot customer support team so you can get the answers you need quickly.

Email, in-app chat, and phone support.
Email, in-app chat, and phone support.
Email, in-app chat, and phone support.
HubSpot payments

Accept digital payments alongside your CRM with HubSpot’s built-in payment processing tool. Processing fees for HubSpot payments vary by region as listed here. High-volume businesses may qualify for custom rates (contact us to learn more). HubSpot payments is currently available for customers in the United States, the United Kingdom, and Canada with a bank account in these regions. Subject to underwriting approval and additional terms.

Required fields

Define fields that must be completed by your team when certain actions are taken. Get more consistent data and more predictable outcomes.

Permission sets

Quickly configure user permissions, such as access to signatures, notifications, or CRM views.

Permission templates only.
Permission templates only.
Customize and save your own permission sets.
Product library

Create a product library showcasing your company’s goods or services. Add descriptions, images, pricing, availability, and more.

Up to 1 million products.
Up to 15 million products.
Up to 15 million products.
Social logins

Let users sign in to HubSpot using the Google or Microsoft social login, making it easy for them to log in while enhancing security and your control over who has access.

Record timeline

Access the activity history for each record in your HubSpot Smart CRM.

View full history of activities.
View full history of activities.
View full history of activities.
Prospecting agent

Build a qualified sales pipeline with an AI-powered prospecting agent that researches and delivers personalized outreach strategies per lead. Prospecting agent consumes HubSpot Credits. Enrichment feature.

Data agent

Keep your CRM up-to-date with an AI-powered agent that tracks buying signals, finds good-fit companies, and updates your data using information in your CRM and the web. Data agent consumes HubSpot Credits.

Monitor and/or create companies with intent signals, build custom signals, and update data with AI.
Use intent and custom signals in workflows and company lead scores. Analyze, summarize, and categorize records with AI in workflows.
Use intent and custom signals in workflows and company lead scores. Analyze, summarize, and categorize records with AI in workflows.
Filter insights in segments (Beta)

Get helpful statistics about the makeup of each filter as you build audience segments.

AI-powered data formatting recommendations (Beta)

Use AI to keep your CRM data clean, consistent, and reliable.

Data quality overview (Beta)

Monitor your CRM data health and take quick action to fix duplicates, formatting issues, and missing data from one centralized place that keeps your teams and AI working with clean, reliable information.

Scan account for data quality issues every 2 weeks.
Scan account for data quality issues in real time.
Scan account for data quality issues in real time.
Standard CRM interface configuration

Match the layout of your CRM data to your team's needs by configuring existing elements of the CRM interface.

Create up to 10 custom tabs on record pages.
Create up to 1,000 team views across record pages and preview sidebars, up to 50 views on index pages per user, and up to 10 custom tabs.
Create up to 1,000 team views across record pages and preview sidebars, up to 50 views on index pages per user, and up to 10 custom tabs.
Projects

Manage projects in the same place your customer data lives and your go-to-market team already works.

Pipelines

Keep track of how records (e.g., deals, tickets, projects, etc.) move through your processes with customizable pipelines.

15 total pipelines per account across object types.
100 total pipelines per account across object types.
350 total pipelines per account across object types.
Custom domains — invoices

Use your own domain for invoices to deliver a seamless customer experience and ensure brand consistency.

HubSpot payments account required for invoice checkout functionality.
HubSpot payments account required for invoice checkout functionality.
HubSpot payments account required for invoice checkout functionality.
Custom domains — payment links

Use your own domain for payment links to deliver a seamless customer experience and ensure brand consistency.

HubSpot payments account required.
HubSpot payments account required.
HubSpot payments account required.
HubSpot capital financing — powered by Stripe

Access working capital in as little as 1-2 business days based on your payment history.

Available to U.S. and UK customers using HubSpot payments or Stripe payment processing.
Available to U.S. and UK customers using HubSpot payments or Stripe payment processing.
Available to U.S. and UK customers using HubSpot payments or Stripe payment processing.
Conversational context

Get an automatic analysis of your conversations, turning them into structured insights in your CRM that power smarter AI, better reporting, and more targeted segments.

50 conversational records per paid seat per month. Total limit enforced at the account level: [Number of paid seats x 50] conversational records per month.
250 conversational records per paid seat per month. Total limit enforced at the account level: [Number of paid seats x 250] conversational records per month.
350 conversational records per paid seat per month. Total limit enforced at the account level: [Number of paid seats x 350] conversational records per month.
Agent builder

Build custom agents and automations — powered by your customer data — all in one visual builder.

Build and deploy custom agents with simple automation tailored to your business.
Build and deploy custom agents with advanced automation and event-based triggers.
Build and deploy custom agents with advanced automation and event-based triggers.
HubSpot Work (Beta)

Manage projects, documents, and tasks using AI-powered work management tools built into your HubSpot CRM. Describe what you need in plain language, and AI can generate project tables, forms, and automations from a single prompt. Your CRM data is already connected, so work agents can act on real customer context without syncs or manual setup.

Limited automation.
Full automation.
Full automation.
Work agents (Beta)

Build AI agents within HubSpot Work (Beta) that execute your projects, tasks, and workflows for you. Work agents are optimized for work management and can run via the chat interface or operate in the background on your behalf. AI-powered work agents consume HubSpot Credits.

Limited automation.
Full automation.
Full automation.
Customer agent

Answer customer questions instantly across various channels — chat, email, forms, and calling (Beta) — with an AI-powered agent you can train in minutes and that escalates to your team when needed. Customer agent consumes HubSpot Credits.

Data studio (Beta)

Build powerful datasets using data from external sources and your HubSpot CRM, then activate your data instantly across segments, workflows, and reports.

Programmable automation

Build custom workflow actions with code to automate complex business processes, integrate with third-party platforms, and improve your customer experience.

Webhooks

Use webhook actions to send or retrieve information between HubSpot and other external tools.

Data quality automation

Easily format property data within workflows, and use custom formulas for more advanced data formatting, combinations, and calculations.

Duplicate management

Use artificial intelligence to identify and merge duplicate records.

Bulk duplicate management

Use AI to identify and merge duplicate contact and company records in bulk.

Teams

Organize your account by teams. You can segment leads, sort through content, and easily report on each team's performance.

Up to 10 teams.
Up to 300 teams plus ways to organize them.
Custom reporting

Build custom reports that leverage all the data in your contacts database, so you can answer key business questions in one place.

Up to 3,100 custom reports and 10 million events per custom reporting query.
Up to 3,500 custom reports and 100 million events per custom reporting query.
Calculated properties

Create fields that roll up data from other fields, build custom equations, and sync data between records.

40 calculated properties.
200 calculated properties.
Admin notifications management

Set up default notifications for all users in your account, or create notification profiles by role.

Scheduled workflow triggers

Trigger HubSpot workflows on recurring custom intervals to better support your automated processes.

Association labels

Create custom association labels for different pairs of standard CRM objects (i.e. contacts, companies, deals, and tickets) to specify the relationship between those objects.

Up to 50 labels for associations between each object pair (e.g., 50 labels for contacts and deals, 50 labels for companies and contacts, etc.).
Up to 50 labels for associations between each object pair (e.g., 50 labels for contacts and deals, 50 labels for companies and contacts, etc.).
Data health trends

Monitor changes in property fill rate, data sources, duplicates, and more.

Presets

As an admin, easily configure users and teams within your HubSpot account. Create email signatures, manage notifications, and choose defaults such as home screen, dashboard, language, and date and number format.

Up to 5 presets.
Up to 100 presets.
Webhook workflow triggers

Use data received from external systems via webhooks to trigger workflows.

Create up to 10 webhook triggers for use in workflows.
Create up to 100 webhook triggers for use in workflows.
Single sign-on

Let users sign in to HubSpot using SAML single sign-on credentials, making it easy for them to log in while enhancing security and your control over who has access.

Brand identity (Beta)

Automatically gather and apply brand-specific context — including voice, tone, visual identity, mission, products, and competitive insights — to enable higher-quality AI-generated content. Maintain consistency across channels and scale content creation while keeping your brand’s unique identity intact.

Revenue analytics suite

View sales and billing data together in one unified reporting suite to track invoices, subscriptions, and payments for a complete picture of your business performance.

Available to customers with a connected payments account.
Available to customers with a connected payments account.
Custom revenue reporting

Combine revenue and CRM data in powerful customizable reports to gain a deeper understanding of your revenue performance.

Custom events

Track actions unique to your business from your website, app, or other tools. Event data will be available in the custom report builder, customer journey analytics, segments, workflows, and on the activity timeline. Includes codeless creation via the event visualizer.

Limited to 500 event definitions and 10 million completions per month.
Limited to 500 event definitions and 30 million completions per month.
Standard sandbox account

Test various changes and functionalities in a safe environment before they go live — without impacting your main account.

One standard sandbox. Import up to 200K records per type: contacts, companies, deals, tickets, custom objects, carts, invoices, marketing events, and orders. In workflows, enroll up to 100K records per day per sandbox.
Data warehouse integrations

Connect HubSpot to your data warehouse and seamlessly share data across your business.

Salesforce custom object sync

Map Salesforce custom objects to HubSpot custom objects, and sync data one way from Salesforce into HubSpot.

Custom objects

Store almost any type of data in HubSpot, including subscriptions, locations, shipments, events, and more. View custom object records, set up workflows, and run reports on the data associated with custom objects. Also available on mobile.

Up to 20 object definitions and 1,500,000 total custom object records.
Organize teams

Organize users on multiple levels based on team, region, business unit, brand, or any other dimension, to suit the way your business works.

Up to 300 teams.
Field-level permissions

Disable the editing of specific properties for certain reps to keep your team efficient and your database clean.

Log in as another user

Allow HubSpot users with super admin permissions to temporarily sign in as a different user.

Sensitive Data

Secure and store Sensitive Data like government ID, demographic data, and limited financial data inside your HubSpot account. All Sensitive Data functionality is subject to the terms in the “Sensitive Data” section and HubSpot's Sensitive Data terms.

User object custom properties

View, customize, and manage user properties and preferences for every user in your HubSpot account.

Revenue Hub

HubSpot’s CPQ, billing, and payments software helps you streamline your revenue lifecycle to close deals fast, bill easily, and get paid — all within HubSpot’s unified customer platform. Enable reps to close deals faster and give buyers a seamless, modern experience. Revenue Hub is available in two editions — Professional and Enterprise — with select functionality in our free tools.

For access to use certain advanced features, Revenue Hub is priced per seat for the Professional and Enterprise editions — with no additional seat minimums. Full Revenue Hub functionality for the Professional and Enterprise editions is only accessible with a Revenue Professional Seat or a Revenue Enterprise Seat.

REVENUE HUB PLATFORM FEE

Revenue Hub charges a platform fee per transaction for creating a payment experience and collecting payments with our revenue tools (in addition to any transaction fees already associated with your payment processing option as listed here). The platform fee will apply depending on the payment processing option used by the customer.

Supported payment processing options and platform fees:

Stripe payment processing: Customers who use Stripe payment processing will be charged a 0.75% platform fee. Subject to additional terms.
HubSpot payments: Customers who use HubSpot payment processing will be charged a 0.5% platform fee, capped at $10 for ACH transactions. Card transactions are subject to the full platform fee. Subject to additional terms.
Promotion: For a limited time only, HubSpot payments platform fees are waived for transactions processed within the first year after sign-up. Learn more.
HUBSPOT PAYMENTS PROCESSING FEES
Pricing for HubSpot Payments in the United States

For card transactions, a 2.9% processing fee is applied. Cross-border card use is subject to a 1.5% international card processing fee.
For ACH payments, a 0.8% processing fee is applied, capped at $10 USD per transaction. For PADs payments, a 1% transaction fee applies, capped at $5 CAD per transaction. For SEPA payments, a 0.5% processing fee is applied, capped at €0.50 per transaction.
Cross-border direct debit use is subject to a 1.5% international direct debit processing fee.
For Buy Now, Pay Later transactions with Affirm or Klarna, a 5.99% processing fee is applied.
Customers who use HubSpot payments for payment processing pay a 0.5% platform fee (capped at $10 USD for ACH transactions, $5 CAD for PADs transactions, and €5 for SEPA transactions) for using Revenue Hub tools to create a payment experience. If currency conversion is required, an additional 1% transaction fee will apply.

Pricing for HubSpot Payments in the United Kingdom

For card transactions, a 1.7% processing fee is applied. Cross-border card use in the EEA is subject to a 0.8% international card processing fee and cross-border card use outside the EEA is subject to a 1.55% international card processing fee.
For ACH payments, a 0.8% processing fee is applied, capped at $10 USD per transaction. For BACS payments, a 1% transaction fee applies, capped at £4 per transaction. For SEPA payments, a 0.5% processing fee is applied, capped at €0.50 per transaction.
Cross-border direct debit use is subject to a 1.5% international direct debit processing fee.
For Buy Now, Pay Later transactions with Affirm or Klarna, a 5.99% processing fee is applied.
Customers who use HubSpot payments for payment processing pay a 0.5% platform fee (capped at $10 USD for ACH transactions, £4 for BACS transactions, and €5 for SEPA transactions) for using Revenue Hub tools to create a payment experience. If currency conversion is required, an additional 2% transaction fee will apply.

Pricing for HubSpot Payments in Canada

For card transactions, a 2.9% processing fee is applied. Cross-border card use is subject to a 0.8% international card processing fee.
For ACH payments, a 0.8% processing fee is applied, capped at $10 USD per transaction. For BACS payments, a 1% transaction fee applies, capped at £4 per transaction. For SEPA payments, a 0.5% processing fee is applied, capped at €0.50 per transaction.
Cross-border direct debit use is subject to a 1.5% international direct debit processing fee.
For Buy Now, Pay Later transactions with Affirm or Klarna, a 5.99% processing fee is applied.
Customers who use HubSpot payments for payment processing pay a 0.5% platform fee (capped at $10 USD for ACH transactions, £4 for BACS transactions, and €5 for SEPA transactions) for using Revenue Hub tools to create a payment experience. If currency conversion is required, an additional 2% transaction fee will apply.

REVENUE HUB PROFESSIONAL
Starts at $95/month per seat
Additional Revenue Professional Seats available for $95/month per seat. See additional seat types in the “Pricing Overview” section.
REVENUE HUB ENTERPRISE
Starts at $140/month per seat
Billed annually. Additional Revenue Enterprise Seats available for $140/month per seat. See additional seat types in the “Pricing Overview” section.
All Free Tools

Revenue Hub includes access to all the free tools listed in the “Free Tools” table above.

Invoices

Quickly turn quotes into cash with invoices sent directly from your HubSpot CRM. Stay on top of invoices with overdue invoice tracking and management.

E-invoices (Beta)

Send e-invoices directly from HubSpot. Only available in Belgium and Germany.

Available to customers with an integrated Stripe account.
Available to customers with an integrated Stripe account.
Automated invoice reminders

Automatically follow up on open invoices with scheduled emails that eliminate manual tracking.

QuickBooks Online integration

Seamlessly sync invoice and payment information to and from your QuickBooks Online account.

Xero integration (Beta)

Seamlessly sync invoice and payment information to and from your Xero account.

Payment links

Create simple yet powerful payment links that enable you to sell from anywhere — your website, forms, email, and more.

Available to customers with a connected payments account.
Available to customers with a connected payments account.
Quotes

Generate polished, branded quotes in seconds, with the ability to pull in your pricing, products, and context from deals with AI. Share one link to review, sign, and pay — fast.

Subscriptions

Collect, manage, and report on recurring payments directly alongside your HubSpot CRM.

Subscription retries

Automatically retry failed subscription payments to prevent lost revenue.

Available to customers with a connected payments account.
Available to customers with a connected payments account.
Contracts

Automatically create contract objects, manage changes and renewals, and track ACV, ARR, and MRR with complete visibility.

Contract imports (Beta)

Import active contracts from external systems into HubSpot to manage changes, renewals, and reporting in one place.

Orders (Beta)

Automatically generate a transactional record of every purchase the moment a contract object is created, changed, or renewed.

B2B checkout

Create a mobile-optimized checkout experience for your customers featuring an order summary, customizable fields, and any additional terms included in the checkout description. Data captured is automatically added to your HubSpot CRM.

Available to customers with a connected payments account.
Available to customers with a connected payments account.
Default checkout fees

Add a fee to checkout based on how your customers choose to pay. Set up a fee that applies to specific payment methods or a fee that is automatically applied to all your transactions.

Available to customers with a connected payments account.
Available to customers with a connected payments account.
Stored payment methods

Speed up payments with stored credit card and ACH details for invoices and subscriptions.

Available to customers with a connected payments account.
Available to customers with a connected payments account.
Product library

Create a product library showcasing your company’s goods or services. Add descriptions, images, pricing, availability, and more.

Up to 15 million products.
Up to 15 million products.
Stripe payment processing

Start accepting payments alongside your HubSpot CRM by integrating your Stripe account as your payment processor. For each transaction, HubSpot will add a 0.75% platform fee on top of Stripe’s transaction fee for the use of Revenue Hub tools to create a payment experience. Subject to additional terms.

Available to customers with an integrated Stripe account.
Available to customers with an integrated Stripe account.
Simple revenue reporting

Monitor the health of your revenue with a simple, out-of-the-box dashboard that includes reports on revenue over time, customers over time, revenue split by payment type, and revenue by sales rep.

Available to customers with a connected payments account.
Available to customers with a connected payments account.
Revenue analytics suite

View sales and billing data together in one unified reporting suite to track invoices, subscriptions, and payments for a complete picture of your business performance.

Available to customers with a connected payments account.
Available to customers with a connected payments account.
Closing agent (Beta)

Instantly answer buyer questions with an always-on AI-powered closing agent that you can train in minutes using the content you already have, such as sales materials. Closing agent appears directly on the quote page to help buyers review the quote and get their questions answered — all in one place.

Prospecting agent

Build a qualified sales pipeline with an AI-powered prospecting agent that researches and delivers personalized outreach strategies per lead. Prospecting agent consumes HubSpot Credits. Enrichment feature.

Revenue agent (Beta)

Automate invoice collection outreach by monitoring open invoices, creating intelligent action plans like scheduling and sending follow-up emails, and reacting to invoice events and customer replies — all with human approval. Revenue agent consumes HubSpot Credits.

Tax rates

Create and apply tax rates to individual line items across quotes, deals, payment links, invoices, and subscriptions. Build a tax library with multiple tax rates to ensure accurate pricing and billing for different products and services.

Automated sales tax

Automatically input the sales tax rate based on your buyer's location to seamlessly collect sales tax. Easily disable tax for tax-exempt customers or transactions. Available for quotes (initial, change, and renewal), contracts, invoices, credit memos, payments links, and subscriptions.

Available to customers with a connected payments account.
Available to customers with a connected payments account.
Flat rate pricing

Configure flat rate pricing — where customers pay a fixed amount for products and services — and easily add discounts.

Tiered pricing

Configure quantity-based pricing tiers with one-time or recurring billing so you can flexibly scale prices based on how much your customers buy.

Products API

Manage your product catalog programmatically with the products API. Import, update, and sync product data between HubSpot and external systems to keep your product library current across platforms.

Single-page quote editor

Create full sales proposals in one click with personalized summaries and line items, enabling buyers to review, accept, and pay all on a single page.

Quote templates

Instantly create branded quotes from templates, and personalize them with deal information to help sales reps move faster.

Signable quote attachments

Attach additional documents like SOWs, MSAs, and NDAs directly to quotes so buyers receive everything in one organized package.

Quote activity tracking

Track prospect quote engagement in real time. See when quotes are viewed, downloaded, or accepted to follow up at the right moment.

Quote workflows

Create automated workflows that trigger actions based on quote activity. Set up workflows like automatically changing deal stages when quotes are signed.

Standard quote approvals

Set up which quotes need review by configuring one approval rule based on quote properties, line items, or deal details. Combine criteria using “and” logic only. “Or” logic is not supported in standard quote approval rules. Assign one or multiple approvers. Reps get real-time feedback when quotes need approval so they can easily track status.

Up to 10 approvers.
Up to 10 approvers.
Quote reporting

Track and analyze quote performance with built-in reporting to gain critical insights into customer buying patterns, enabling timely follow-up and improved closing strategy.

E-signature

Sign documents online with e-sign — your secure electronic signature.

25 signatures per user per account per month. Purchase the E-signature Limit Increase for more volume.
50 signatures per user per account per month. Purchase the E-signature Limit Increase for more volume.
HubSpot payments

Accept digital payments alongside your CRM with HubSpot’s built-in payment processing tool. Processing fees for HubSpot payments vary by region as listed here. High-volume businesses may qualify for custom rates (contact us to learn more). HubSpot payments is currently available for customers in the United States, the United Kingdom, and Canada with a bank account in these regions. Subject to underwriting approval and additional terms.

Custom revenue reporting

Combine revenue and CRM data in powerful customizable reports to gain a deeper understanding of your revenue performance.

Custom domains — quotes

Use your own domain for quotes to deliver a seamless customer experience and ensure brand consistency.

1 custom domain per account for quotes.
1 custom domain per account for quotes.
Custom domains — invoices

Use your own domain for invoices to deliver a seamless customer experience and ensure brand consistency.

HubSpot payments account required for invoice checkout functionality.
HubSpot payments account required for invoice checkout functionality.
Custom domains — payment links

Use your own domain for payment links to deliver a seamless customer experience and ensure brand consistency.

HubSpot payments account required.
HubSpot payments account required.
AI-generated quotes

Generate AI-powered quotes using deal context to update cover letters and business case summaries for faster customization.

Password protection for quotes

Protect your quotes by requiring a password from recipients before viewing.

Credit memos

Create credit memos and apply them directly to invoices to accurately manage adjustments and overpayments.

Projects

Manage projects in the same place your customer data lives and your go-to-market team already works.

Pipelines

Keep track of how records (e.g., deals, tickets, projects, etc.) move through your processes with customizable pipelines.

100 total pipelines per account across object types.
350 total pipelines per account across object types.
Calculated properties

Create fields that roll up data from other fields, build custom equations, and sync data between records.

40 calculated properties.
200 calculated properties.
Reporting dashboard

Get in-depth data on your revenue performance, so you know how you're doing and where to improve.

75 dashboards, 50 reports per dashboard.
100 dashboards, 50 reports per dashboard.
Segment analytics (Beta)

Understand the journey, makeup, and activation insights of your various audience segments with tools and reports that compare performance from one group to another, and identify overlaps across each segment.

Multiple currencies

Track and manage multiple currencies in your HubSpot account.

Up to 30 currencies.
Up to 200 currencies.
Required fields

Define fields that must be completed by your team when certain actions are taken. Get more consistent data, and more predictable outcomes.

Permission sets

Quickly configure user permissions, such as access to templates, playbooks, or call transcription.

Permission templates only.
Customize and save your own permission sets.
Record timeline

Access the activity history for each record in your HubSpot Smart CRM.

View full history of activities.
View full history of activities.
AI-powered data formatting recommendations (Beta)

Use AI to keep your CRM data clean, consistent, and reliable.

Data quality overview (Beta)

Monitor your CRM data health and take quick action to fix duplicates, formatting issues, and missing data from one centralized place that keeps your teams and AI working with clean, reliable information.

Scan account for data quality issues daily.
Scan account for data quality issues daily.
Standard CRM interface configuration

Match the layout of your CRM data to your team's needs by configuring existing elements of the CRM interface.

Create up to 1,000 team views across record pages and preview sidebars, up to 50 views on index pages per user, and up to 10 custom tabs.
Create up to 1,000 team views across record pages and preview sidebars, up to 50 views on index pages per user, and up to 10 custom tabs.
Duplicate management

Use artificial intelligence to identify and merge duplicate records.

Teams

Organize your users into teams, based on region, business unit, product line, or more. Assign marketing assets and database records to teams. And get regular team performance reports too.

Up to 10 teams.
Up to 300 teams plus ways to organize them.
Custom reporting

Build custom reports that leverage contact, company, and deal data from your contacts database alongside sales activity data, so you can answer key business questions in one place.

Up to 100 custom reports and 10 million events per custom reporting query.
Up to 500 custom reports and 100 million events per custom reporting query.
Calculated properties

Create fields that roll up data from other fields, build custom equations, and sync data between records.

40 calculated properties.
200 calculated properties.
Association labels

Create custom association labels for different pairs of standard CRM objects (i.e. contacts, companies, deals, and tickets) to specify the relationship between those objects.

Up to 50 labels for associations between each object pair (e.g., 50 labels for contacts and deals, 50 labels for companies and contacts, etc.).
Up to 50 labels for associations between each object pair (e.g., 50 labels for contacts and deals, 50 labels for companies and contacts, etc.).
Presets

As an admin, easily configure users and teams within your HubSpot account. Create email signatures, manage notifications, and choose defaults such as home screen, dashboard, language, and date and number format.

Up to 5 presets.
Up to 100 presets.
Single sign-on

Let users sign in to HubSpot using SAML single sign-on credentials, making it easy for them to log in while enhancing security and your control over who has access.

Conversational context

Get an automatic analysis of your conversations, turning them into structured insights in your CRM that power smarter AI, better reporting, and more targeted segments.

250 conversational records per paid seat per month. Total limit enforced at the account level: [Number of paid seats x 250] conversational records per month.
350 conversational records per paid seat per month. Total limit enforced at the account level: [Number of paid seats x 350] conversational records per month.
HubSpot capital financing — powered by Stripe

Access working capital in as little as 1-2 business days based on your payment history.

Available to U.S. and UK customers using HubSpot payments or Stripe payment processing.
Available to U.S. and UK customers using HubSpot payments or Stripe payment processing.
Custom-coded modules

Build and embed CMS React modules into quotes and templates to give developers full control over branding, business logic, and customer experience.

Price books

Define and manage multiple prices for the same product, and control which products are available to reps when building deals, quotes, and invoices.

AI invoice prioritization (Beta)

Use AI to prioritize open invoices by revenue impact and draft personalized collection emails to follow up on overdue payments.

Billing portal (Beta)

Give your buyers a self-serve portal to view and pay invoices, manage subscriptions, and update payment methods, so your team spends less time on manual billing requests.

Affirm and Klarna as payment options

Add Affirm and Klarna as Buy Now, Pay Later (BNPL) payment options in checkout, alongside existing card and ACH methods. Buyers will be able to split eligible purchases into installments at checkout without leaving the flow, and merchants will be able to enable, configure, and report on BNPL just like any other payment method.

HubSpot Work (Beta)

Manage projects, documents, and tasks using AI-powered work management tools built into your HubSpot CRM. Describe what you need in plain language, and AI can generate project tables, forms, and automations from a single prompt. Your CRM data is already connected, so work agents can act on real customer context without syncs or manual setup.

Full automation.
Full automation.
Work agents (Beta)

Build AI agents within HubSpot Work (Beta) that execute your projects, tasks, and workflows for you. Work agents are optimized for work management and can run via the chat interface or operate in the background on your behalf. AI-powered work agents consume HubSpot Credits.

Full automation.
Full automation.
Quote rules

Automatically apply logic — including incompatibility, compatibility, pricing, and quantity rules — across products, pricing, discounts, and quantities so each quote stays accurate and reps can close with confidence.

Advanced quote approvals

Set up custom, flexible approval workflows based on specific criteria like pricing, discount amounts, or any property of associated objects. Configure different users as approvers for different scenarios, enable sequential approvals, and create multiple property-based workflows to support multiple geographies or stakeholders.

Up to 10 approvers and up to 5 approval steps. Users with workflow permissions can create and edit approvals, but cannot enable them without a Revenue Seat.
Custom objects

Store almost any type of data in HubSpot, including subscriptions, locations, shipments, events, and more. View custom object records, set up workflows, and run reports on the data associated with custom objects. Also available on mobile.

Up to 10 object definitions and 1,500,000 total custom object records.
Organize teams

Organize users on multiple levels based on team, region, business unit, brand, or any other dimension, to suit the way your business works.

Up to 300 teams.
Field-level permissions

Disable the editing of specific properties for certain reps to keep your team efficient and your database clean.

Admin notifications management

Set up default notifications for all users in your account, or create notification profiles by role.

Standard sandbox account

Test various changes and functionalities in a safe environment before they go live — without impacting your main account.

One standard sandbox. Import up to 200K records per type: contacts, companies, deals, tickets, custom objects, carts, invoices, marketing events, and orders. In workflows, enroll up to 100K records per day per sandbox.
Log in as another user

Allow HubSpot users with super admin permissions to temporarily sign in as a different user.

Agent Hub

Agent Hub is the command center for managing your agents — AI-powered teammates that automate work end-to-end, from strategy to execution, across content marketing, social media, sales prospecting, and customer service.

See every agent running across your business in one place, organized by what it's built to do: build demand, win deals, delight customers, or scale growth. Check live status, review recent results, and easily activate or configure any agent. Need something more tailored? Use the out-of-the-box agent builder to create custom agents, or browse the agent marketplace to discover and deploy new ones.

Agents are available for various products and editions, as specified in the table below. Some agents consume HubSpot Credits when using the capabilities at the rates reflected in the “HubSpot Credits Rate Sheet” section.

Please note that automated, bulk, and high-volume features consume credits at scale, which can accelerate your overall credit consumption.

AGENTS
PRODUCT AVAILABILITY
Customer health agent (Beta)

An AI-powered agent that monitors account health and proactively shares the next best steps, talking points for your conversation, and a ready-to-send email draft.

Any Starter, Professional, or Enterprise-edition product
Data agent

Keep your CRM up-to-date with an AI-powered agent that tracks buying signals, finds good-fit companies, and updates your data using information in your CRM and the web.

Any Starter, Professional, or Enterprise-edition product
Prospecting agent

Build a qualified sales pipeline with an AI-powered prospecting agent that researches and delivers personalized outreach strategies per lead. Enrichment feature.

Any Starter, Professional, or Enterprise-edition product
Campaign agent (Beta)

Build demand with an AI-powered agent that turns a goal or insight into a complete, connected campaign plan rooted in your brand, audience, and past performance.

Marketing Hub Professional or Enterprise
Nurture agent (Beta)

An AI-powered agent that rewrites every automated nurture email for each individual contact before it sends, using their CRM history, engagement signals, and live company research.

Marketing Hub Professional or Enterprise
Knowledge base agent (Beta)

An AI-powered agent that analyzes your knowledge base articles and surfaces gaps — informing the creation of new content and edits to existing content where things are unclear, outdated, incomplete, or off-brand. Review, accept, or reject each suggestion to keep your content fresh and up-to-date.

Service Hub Professional or Enterprise
Closing agent (Beta)

Instantly answer buyer questions with an always-on AI-powered closing agent that you can train in minutes using the content you already have, such as sales materials. Closing agent appears directly on the quote page to help buyers review the quote and get their questions answered — all in one place.

Revenue Hub Professional or Enterprise
Content agent (Beta)

Create content in HubSpot using your brand voice, audience data, and competitive research. No brief required.

Marketing Hub Professional or Enterprise
Revenue agent (Beta)

Automate invoice collection outreach by monitoring open invoices, creating intelligent action plans like scheduling and sending follow-up emails, and reacting to invoice events and customer replies — all with human approval.

Any Starter, Professional, or Enterprise-edition product
Customer agent

Answer customer questions instantly across various channels — chat, email, forms, and calling (Beta) — with an AI-powered agent you can train in minutes and that escalates to your team when needed.

The Professional or Enterprise edition of Marketing Hub, Sales Hub, Service Hub, Content Hub, Data Hub, or Smart CRM
Custom agents (Beta)

Build customized AI agents that autonomously take action to complete work unique to your business. Configure your agents to browse the web, generate content, analyze your CRM data, and more.

Any Starter, Professional, or Enterprise-edition product
HubSpot AEO (Beta)

The HubSpot AEO tool allows you to see where your brand stands in AI search, understand how competitors compare, and get recommendations to improve your visibility in AI responses.

AEO is available to purchase in one of two ways. If you’re subscribed to Marketing Hub Professional or Enterprise, AEO is already included. And because Marketing Hub connects to HubSpot Smart CRM, your prompt tracking and recommendations are informed by your business data from day one.

You can also purchase HubSpot AEO on its own — no other subscription required, as detailed in the following pricing table. If you choose this method, can you activate the Smart CRM or Free Tools separately.

Pricing

You can purchase HubSpot AEO on its own for $50 per month. For additional tracking volume, you have the option of purchasing one or more AEO Answers Limit Increase packs, each for $20 per month.

HubSpot AEO

	
Track 25 prompts
Each prompt run daily across 3 engines
2,500 answers per month
	
 $50 per month

AEO Answers Limit Increase (Optional)

	
Track 10 additional prompts
Each prompt run daily across 3 engines
1,000 additional answers per month
	
$20 per month

HUBSPOT AEO FEATURES
Brand visibility dashboard

Get a single, unified view of how your brand shows up across AI answer engines like ChatGPT, Gemini, and Perplexity, showing where you’re mentioned, where competitors are winning, and where you’re not showing up.

Prompt tracking and suggestions

Automatically track the prompts that matter most to your business, running them on answer engines and analyzing the responses. Get suggestions for new prompts to monitor based on data we collect from you.

Competitor analysis

Understand how your competitors are appearing in AI-generated answers compared to your brand. See exactly where they’re being mentioned and cited instead of you, where you’re outperforming them, and where neither of you are present, so you can prioritize the highest-impact gaps to close.

Citation analysis

Get a breakdown of which channels and types of content AI engines are using to generate answers. Understand which of your pages are being cited, which competitor content is winning, and what types of content are influencing results.

Recommendations

Get clear, prioritized, plain-language recommendations to improve your AI visibility. Each recommendation is directly tied to a specific gap and uses citation analysis to optimize for the highest likelihood of impact.

Add-Ons and Limit Increases

Add powerful functionality or increased limits to your Marketing, Sales, Service, Content, or Data Hub plan based on your needs.

Add-Ons
Dedicated IP Add-On

$300 per month
Purchase your own dedicated IP address that will be monitored 24/7, so you have more control over your individual sender reputation. This is a good fit for senders who consistently send a high volume of email each month.

Available as an add-on to Marketing Hub Professional and Enterprise

Custom SSL Add-On

$100 per month
Purchase premium SSL service if you need additional customization beyond the standard SSL already included in Marketing Hub Professional and Enterprise.

Available as an add-on to Marketing Hub Professional and Enterprise, or Content Hub Professional and Enterprise

Marketing SMS Short Code Add-On

$1,500 per month
For high-volume SMS sending. Includes setup or transfer of a random short code, plus maintenance. Requires purchase of SMS Limit Increase to use. Enables use of outbound MMS messages. Sending is only available from U.S.-based phone numbers, and messages can only be sent to U.S./Canada (+1) phone numbers.

Available as an add-on to Marketing Hub Enterprise for U.S. customers only

Transactional Email Add-On

$600 per month
Send relationship-based emails like automated commerce receipts, account updates, and system messages and get full engagement tracking across your emails.

Available as an add-on to Marketing Hub Professional and Enterprise

Brands Add-On

$1,000 per month
Manage multiple brands within the CRM of a single HubSpot account, enabling your centralized marketing team to efficiently organize brand-specific assets and social accounts, and streamline data sharing across your brands. The purchase of the Brands Add-On includes one additional root domain, 100 additional active segments, 100 additional static segments, and 100 additional workflows (up to a maximum of 5,000 total active segments and 5,000 total static segments per account).

Available as an add-on to Marketing Hub Enterprise

Marketing SMS Long Code Add-On

$75 per month
Includes setup and maintenance of a 10DLC phone number and registration plus 1,000 message segments per month, effective on your contract start date. Unused message segments don’t roll over into the following month. Sending is only available from U.S.-based phone numbers, and messages can only be sent to U.S./Canada (+1) phone numbers. Both incoming and outgoing SMS messages count against your message segment limit. As applicable, incoming MMS messages are counted as 5 message segments each.

Available as an add-on to Marketing Hub Professional and Enterprise for U.S. customers only

Transactional SMS Long Code Add-On

$75 per month
Includes setup and maintenance of a transactional 10DLC phone number and registration plus 1,000 message segments per month, effective on your contract start date. Unused message segments don’t roll over into the following month. Sending is only available from U.S.-based phone numbers, and messages can only be sent to U.S./Canada (+1) phone numbers. Both incoming and outgoing SMS messages count against your message segment limit. As applicable, incoming MMS messages are counted as 5 message segments each.

Available as an add-on to Marketing Hub Professional and Enterprise

Sales and Service SMS Add-On

$75 per month
Designed to streamline communication throughout the customer lifecycle, this add-on allows your sales and service teams to connect instantly with prospects and customers via SMS directly from the HubSpot CRM. This includes the setup and maintenance of a transactional 10DLC phone number and registration plus 1,000 message segments per month, effective on your contract start date. Unused message segments don’t roll over into the following month. Sending is only available from U.S.-based phone numbers, and messages can only be sent to U.S./Canada (+1) phone numbers. Both incoming and outgoing SMS messages count against your message segment limit. As applicable, incoming MMS messages are counted as 5 message segments each. To increase your monthly messaging volume, you may purchase additional SMS Limit Increase packages.

Available as an add-on to Sales Hub Professional and Enterprise, or Service Hub Professional and Enterprise

Limit Increases
Please note: Unused capacity doesn’t roll over into the following month.
Ads Limit Increase

$100 per month
Create 50 additional ad conversion events and 50 additional audiences that sync hourly between your HubSpot account and HubSpot-supported advertising accounts. Purchase multiple limit increase packs for more volume.

Available as a limit increase to the Professional or Enterprise edition of Marketing Hub

Reporting Limit Increase

$200 per month
Increase your dashboards limit by 300, and create 3,000 additional custom reports for your team based on any metric in Marketing Hub, Sales Hub, Service Hub, Content Hub, or Data Hub. Purchase multiple limit increase packs for additional dashboards and custom report volume.

Available as a limit increase to the Professional or Enterprise edition of Marketing Hub, Sales Hub, Service Hub, Content Hub, Data Hub, or Revenue Hub

API Limit Increase

$500 per month
Increase your included API call volume for your integrations between your HubSpot account and other services. Each capacity pack will add an additional 1,000,000 calls per day on top of the API calls included in your base subscription tier. Additionally, your rate limit will increase to 250 requests per 10-second. Customers are allowed to purchase a maximum of two capacity packs.

Available as a limit increase to any edition of Marketing Hub, Sales Hub, Service Hub, Content Hub, Data Hub, or Revenue Hub

Workflows Limit Increase

$200 per month
Increase your included workflows volume for your HubSpot automations by 100 workflows. Purchase multiple limit increase packs for more volume. Maximum capacity of 10,000 workflows per account.

Available as a limit increase to the Professional or Enterprise edition of Marketing Hub, Sales Hub, Service Hub, Content Hub, Data Hub, or Revenue Hub

Segments Limit Increase

$200 per month
Increase your included active segment volume by 100 segments and your included static segment volume by 100 segments. Purchase multiple limit increase packs for more volume.

Available as a limit increase to the Professional or Enterprise edition of Marketing Hub, Sales Hub, Service Hub, Content Hub, Data Hub, or Revenue Hub

Teams Limit Increase

$200 per month
Increase your included teams limit by 100 teams. Purchase multiple limit increase packs for more volume.

Available as a limit increase to the Professional or Enterprise edition of Marketing Hub, Sales Hub, Service Hub, Content Hub, Data Hub, or Revenue Hub

Users Limit Increase

$200 per month
Increase your included users limit by 500 users. Purchase multiple limit increase packs for more volume.

Available as a limit increase to the Professional or Enterprise edition of Marketing Hub, Sales Hub, Service Hub, Content Hub, Data Hub, or Revenue Hub

Custom Objects Limit Increase

$500 per month
Define 10 more objects and store 1,000,000 more records across all your custom objects in HubSpot. Purchase multiple limit increase packs for more volume. Maximum capacity of 50,000,000 custom object records per account.

Available as a limit increase to the Enterprise edition of Marketing Hub, Sales Hub, Service Hub, Content Hub, Data Hub, or Revenue Hub

E-signature Limit Increase

$60 per month
100 additional e-signatures per account per month that any users with a paid Revenue Professional Seat or Revenue Enterprise Seat can pull from. Purchase multiple limit increase packs for more volume.

Available as a limit increase to Revenue Hub Professional or Enterprise

Transcription Limit Increase

$250 per month
Purchase 400 additional transcription hours to transcribe all your team's calls. Unused hours do not roll over into the following month. Purchase multiple limit increase packs for more volume.

Available as a limit increase to the Enterprise edition of Sales Hub or Service Hub

Domains Limit Increase

$100 per month
Host content and create traffic analytics reports on one additional root domain. Purchase multiple limit increase packs to add even more root domains.

Available as a limit increase to the Enterprise edition of Marketing Hub, Service Hub, or Content Hub

Standard Sandbox Limit Increase

$750 per month
Add one additional standard sandbox account to expand your testing capabilities in HubSpot. Purchase multiple limit increase packs to add even more standard sandbox accounts.

Available as a limit increase to the Enterprise edition of Marketing Hub, Sales Hub, Service Hub, Content Hub, Data Hub, or Revenue Hub

Calling Minute Limit Increase

$50 per month
Increase your account's calling minute limit by 1,000 minutes per calendar month. Purchase multiple limit increase packs for more volume. Unused calling minutes don’t roll over into the following month.

Available as a limit increase to the Professional or Enterprise edition of Sales Hub or Service Hub

HubSpot Phone Number Limit Increase

$25 per month
Increase your phone number limit by 5 numbers. Purchase multiple limit increase packs for more volume.

Available as a limit increase to the Professional or Enterprise edition of Sales Hub or Service Hub

Video Limit Increase

$50 per month
Increase your included number of videos with advanced features by 50 videos. Purchase multiple limit increase packs for more volume.

Available as a limit increase to the Professional or Enterprise edition of Marketing Hub, Content Hub, or Service Hub

WhatsApp Message Limit Increase

$70 per month
Increase your account's WhatsApp message limit by 1,000 messages per month. Purchase multiple limit increase packs for more volume. Unused WhatsApp messages don’t roll over into the following month. Each WhatsApp message (previously provided as a “WhatsApp conversation”) counts toward your consumption, and after the 1,000 free messages limit, you will be charged on a per WhatsApp message basis. Once you reach your consumption limit, Marketing Hub and Service Hub Professional or Enterprise customers can purchase a limit increase, and Starter customers may elect to upgrade to a higher edition. For WhatsApp purchases, you may see "conversations" referenced on your prior order form. From July 1, 2025 onward, "WhatsApp conversation" will mean "WhatsApp message." Learn more about WhatsApp pricing here.

Available as a limit increase to the Professional or Enterprise edition of Marketing Hub or Service Hub

SMS Limit Increase

$15 per month
Increase your account's SMS message segment limit by 1,000 per month, effective on your contract start date with this optional SMS limit increase. Purchase multiple limit increase packs for more volume, up to 10 million message segments. Unused message segments don’t roll over into the following month. Sending is only available from U.S.-based phone numbers, and messages can only be sent to U.S./Canada (+1) phone numbers. Both incoming and outgoing SMS messages count against your message segment limit. As applicable, incoming MMS messages are counted as 5 message segments each. Requires purchase of at least one of Marketing SMS, Marketing SMS 10DLC, or Marketing SMS Short Code Add-ons.

Available as a limit increase to Marketing Hub and Service Hub Professional and Enterprise for U.S. customers only.

Calculated Properties Limit Increase

$70 per month
Increase your included calculated properties volume by 25. Purchase multiple limit increase packs for more volume. Maximum capacity of 500 calculated properties per account.

Available as a limit increase to the Enterprise edition of Marketing Hub, Sales Hub, Service Hub, Content Hub, Data Hub, or Revenue Hub

Custom Properties Limit Increase

$220 per month
Increase your included custom properties volume by 500. Purchase multiple limit increase packs for more volume. Maximum capacity of 3,000 custom properties per object per account.

Available as a limit increase to the Professional and Enterprise editions of Marketing Hub, Sales Hub, Service Hub, Content Hub, Data Hub, or Revenue Hub

CRM Object Record Limit Increase

$1,100 per month
Increase the 15 million record limit included for paying customers by 1 million records per object type. Applies to company, deal, ticket, marketing event, invoice, cart, order, product, and project records. Purchase multiple limit increase packs for more volume. Maximum capacity of 50,000,000 records per object type, per account.

Available as a limit increase to the Enterprise edition of Marketing Hub, Sales Hub, Service Hub, Content Hub, Data Hub, or Revenue Hub

CRM Contact Record Limit Increase

$1,700 per month
Increase the 15 million CRM contact record limit for paying customers by 1 million records. Purchase multiple limit increase packs for more volume. Maximum capacity of 50,000,000 CRM contact records per account.

Available as a limit increase to the Enterprise edition of Marketing Hub, Sales Hub, Service Hub, Content Hub, Data Hub, or Revenue Hub

Conversational Context Limit Increase

$50 per month
Analyze 5,000 more conversational records (e.g., call transcripts, chats, emails) per month in HubSpot. Purchase multiple limit increase packs for more volume.

Available as a limit increase to the Starter, Professional, or Enterprise edition of Marketing Hub, Sales Hub, Service Hub, Content Hub, Data Hub, or Revenue Hub

AEO Answers Limit Increase

$20 per month
Track 10 additional prompts, each run daily across three engines, for 1,000 additional answers per month. Purchase multiple limit increase packs for more volume.

Available as a limit increase to Marketing Hub Professional and Enterprise

Agent Packs
Power the AI agents and features that do work for you across HubSpot with a simple, flat-rate monthly purchase of HubSpot Credits. Agent Packs can be applied to any AI agent or feature that runs on HubSpot Credits, giving you flexibility to use them where your business needs them most.
Base Agents Pack

$25 per month (2,500 credits)

Available as a limit increase to the Starter, Professional, or Enterprise edition of any product subscription

Growth Agents Pack

$400 per month (40,000 credits)

Available as a limit increase to the Starter, Professional, or Enterprise edition of any product subscription

Scaled Agents Pack

$1,500 per month (150,000 credits)

Available as a limit increase to the Starter, Professional, or Enterprise edition of any product subscription

Technical Limits & Definitions
HubSpot's API Limits

The following limits apply to any of HubSpot's APIs. If you have questions about the APIs you can post them in the developer forum.

250,000 API calls per day for all Free and Starter products (without the API Limit Increase)
650,000 API calls per day for all Professional products (without the API Limit Increase)
Up to 3,000,000 API calls per day (only with an Enterprise product and purchase of two API Limit Increases)
1,000,000 API calls per day for all Enterprise products (without the API Limit Increase)
190 requests per 10-second API rate limit for all Professional and Enterprise products (without the API Limit Increase)
250 requests per 10-second API rate limit (only with the Limit Increase)
100 requests per 10-second API rate limit for all Free and Starter products
Intervals of 5 minutes or more API polling limit
Up to 5% of total syncs failed API requests limit
100 requests per 10-second API rate limit per private app for all free and Starter products
190 requests per 10-second API rate limit per private app for all Professional and Enterprise products (without the API Limit Increase)
250 requests per 10-second API rate limit per private app (only with the API Limit Increase)
CRM Record Association Limits

The following limits apply to associations between object records in HubSpot Smart CRM. Learn more about creating and managing associations.

Free accounts may create up to 10,000 associations per association type per record (e.g., a maximum of 10,000 contacts per company).
Paying customers may create up to 250,000 associations per association type per record (e.g., a maximum of 250,000 contacts per company).
Exceptions (for all editions, paid and free):
Maximum of 1,000 associated records of any object type per engagement (e.g., a maximum of 1,000 associated contacts per email)
Maximum of 1,000 associated contacts per deal
Maximum of 1,000 associated companies per deal
Maximum of 1,000 associated tickets per deal
Maximum of 10,000 associated line items per deal
Maximum of 10,000 associated deals per contact
Maximum of 100 associated quotes per deal
Maximum of 1,000 associated form submissions per contact
Maximum of 10,000 associated products per deal
Free accounts may create a maximum of 100,000 associated deals per product record. Paid accounts may create a maximum of 1,000,000 associated deals per product record.

Please note that in some cases, integrations with certain third-party platforms might further limit association volume or overall association capabilities.

Definitions:
An “association type” describes the relationship between two unique object pairs (e.g., contacts to companies, companies to deals).
An “association limit” is a per-record and per-association-type limit, and each individual object record is subject to the limits listed above.
For example, for paying customers, each individual company record in your CRM may have up to 250,000 associated contacts. In this example, the contact::company relationship is the association type, and 250,000 is the association limit between contacts and companies.
 
Association limits are enforced at the record level, and are non-summable and non-cumulative. Limit capacity is not shared between all object records and associations of the same type, nor can unused limit capacity be transferred to other object records or association types.
Sensitive Data in HubSpot

Customers with an Enterprise edition subscription may enable Sensitive Data in their HubSpot account, subject to the HubSpot Sensitive Data Terms. The types of sensitive data in the "Permitted Types of Sensitive Data" and "Permitted Types of Highly Sensitive Data" sections are permitted to be processed in the features detailed in the "Sensitive Data Covered Services" section.

Permitted Types of Sensitive Data:

Citizenship and immigration status
Limited government-issued identification information (e.g., passport numbers, driver's licenses, and government-issued identification cards)
This does not include government-issued numbers used to grant access to highly sensitive information (e.g., Social Security numbers or tax identifiers).
Last 4 digits of bank or financial institution account numbers
Full account numbers are not included in permitted Sensitive Data.
Last 4 digits of credit or debit card numbers
Full card numbers and card security codes (CSCs) are not included in permitted Sensitive Data.
Payment history (e.g., payments due, missed payments, remaining balance)
Income and salary data (e.g., income history, individual salary, salary bands/average salary data)
Gender
Professional performance reviews
Employment history
Veteran status
Demographic data (e.g., ethnicity, gender, age, religion, and sexual orientation)
Children's information protected under any applicable child data protection laws (e.g., age, grade level, attendance, credits, discipline, etc.)
Health data (e.g., fitness information, wellness information, and sensitive health information of individuals subject to GDPR)
Protected Health Information (PHI) subject to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA)
This includes health information in the U.S., such as patient information, provider information, and medical history. Please note, Sensitive Data for PHI subject to HIPAA is not available in all areas, and you must indicate you accept the terms of the Business Associate Agreement in your account configuration.

Permitted Types of Highly Sensitive Data:

Full bank account numbers
International Bank Account Numbers (IBAN)
Tax return information
Bank statements
Full Social Security numbers (SSN)
The use of the subscription service for directly processing payments is strictly prohibited.

Sensitive Data Covered Services:

Within Smart CRM, Marketing Hub, Sales Hub, Content Hub, and Data Hub, the following features are supported for both Sensitive Data and Highly Sensitive Data:

Custom properties with Sensitive Data flags applied:
Creation, Import, Export, Manual Update
Properties, Import and Object APIs
CRM activities (notes, calls, tasks, 1:1 email, meetings)
CRM attachments added to records manually, via notes, call logs, tasks, email, forms, and sensitive file properties
Forms and forms API
Call recordings and conversation intelligence
Integrations
Limited HubSpot agent ecosystem features*

*HubSpot’s agent ecosystem includes first-party agents and assistants — including Breeze Assistant and custom agents — and third-party agents from HubSpot Marketplace. Each agent may access and process only the customer data and HubSpot capabilities made available through the relevant product, permissions, configuration, and integrations. This includes CRM data and engagements where enabled, and Sensitive Data only where the applicable feature is designated as supporting it under the Sensitive Data Terms.

Some HubSpot features are supported for Sensitive Data, but unable to be used with Highly Sensitive Data:

List creation
Workflows
Search
Reporting
Other Technical Limits
2,500 users per account
100 domains per account
1 primary subdomain per content type, in addition to subdomains included as part of the product package (if any)
1,500 flexible URL mappings
10,000 static URL mappings
1,000 form submissions per contact
1,000 form fields per form
10,000 forms
10,000 collected forms
500 custom events, each with up to 50 properties
2,000 legacy events
1,000 values per picklist property
30,000 limit for contact profile update activities
1,000 live chat widgets
1,000 chatbots
10,000 assets per asset type per marketing campaign
100 email aliases
650 HubSpot-hosted email channels in the shared inbox 
200 shared inboxes
Messages from live chat, chatbots, and team email can only be routed to users with a paid Sales Seat or Service Seat
50 hosted videos per account
20,000 calls-to-action across all accounts and product editions
9 defined associations between each custom object type and other object types
3 million app object records per account

1 million HubDB rows per account
1,000 HubDB tables per account
10,000 rows per HubDB table
Each individual HubDB table, CRM object, or custom object can be used as a dynamic personalization data source for a web page up to 10 times
500 folders
300 connected accounts for social media
10,000 organic social media posts per month
Post scheduling up to 3 years in advance
10,000 knowledge base articles
5,000 knowledge base tags per account
1,000 categories per knowledge base

50 customer experience surveys
50 NPS surveys
100 customer satisfaction surveys
100 custom surveys

1,000 custom goals
10,000 landing pages
10,000 website pages
100 blogs 
10,000 blog posts 
5,000 blog tags
2,000 blog authors
100 serverless function endpoints
1,000 design manager themes
5,000 design manager modules
5,000 design manager layouts
5,000 design manager templates
5,000 design manager files
2,000 design manager folders
200 datasets in data studio
5 joined sources per dataset in data studio
100 property columns per dataset in data studio
30 formula fields per dataset in Data Hub Professional, and 50 in Data Hub Enterprise
50 AI columns per dataset in data studio
150 total columns per dataset in Data Hub Professional, and 250 in Data Hub Enterprise
10 million external rows stored in Data Hub Professional, and 30 million external rows stored in Data Hub Enterprise
10 million events per data source in Data Hub Professional, and 100 million events in Data Hub Enterprise
1,000 columns synced to CRM per dataset in data studio
10 GB of data ingested into data studio from external data sources
10 million updates per month across all apps in Data Hub Professional, and 25 million updates per month in Data Hub Enterprise

10 invocations per page load and per email for the following functions:

blog_authors
blog_popular_posts
blog_post_by_id
blog_recent_author_posts
blog_recent_posts
blog_recent_tag_posts
blog_recent_topic_posts
blog_tags
blog_total_post_count
content_by_id
content_by_ids
crm_associations
crm_object
crm_objects
hubdb_table
hubdb_table_row
hubdb_table_rows
menu
page_by_id
postal_location
topic_cluster_by_content_id
Helpful Definitions
A "content type" is a website, blog, landing page, email, or knowledge base.
An "object" is a single contact, company, deal, ticket, product, notes, one-to-one email, live chat, meeting, or task.
A "session" means interaction with your website by a single visitor in a single session.
An "engagement" is a note, meeting, task, or email (one-off sales and marketing emails).
Frequently Asked Questions
If I subscribe to Marketing Hub and use HubSpot's free tools, what's my technical contact limit in the HubSpot contacts database?

We will honor the higher limit and the tools run off of the same underlying database. That means if you subscribe to Marketing Hub and HubSpot's free tools, you could have up to 15 million objects, and contacts count as an ‘object’ in the HubSpot contacts database. If you purchase CRM Contact Record Limit Increase, you can increase your contacts database up to a maximum of 50 million contact object records. Remember that if you use HubSpot's free tools with Marketing Hub, the contacts you add to your contacts database end up in both places and could affect your contact tier pricing.

Do I have to pay for contacts?

Yes, if you subscribe to Marketing Hub. While there’s no charge for contacts you add to the free contacts database, if you subscribe to Marketing Hub - Marketing Contacts, you will be charged for marketing contacts as part of your fee for that product, even if they are added to the free contacts database. You will not be charged for non-marketing contacts. If you subscribe to legacy Marketing Hub, please visit this page for details.

Where can I find more information about what these API limits mean?

You can find more information about our APIs and the limits that apply to them through our API Documentation, including our API Usage Guidelines.

Are there any separate email sending fees?

No. Your email send limit is based on the number of contacts you purchase. For Marketing Hub - Marketing Contacts Starter, your email send limit is 5 times per contact per calendar month; for Marketing Hub - Marketing Contacts Professional, your email send limit is 10 times your contact tier per calendar month; and for Marketing Hub - Marketing Contacts Enterprise, your email send limit is 20 times your contact tier per calendar month. Email send limits for legacy Marketing Hub customers are described on this page. If you need to send even more than that, you can purchase the Dedicated IP Add-On for unlimited email sends.

If I purchase two products that include the same features, does that mean the limits are additive? For example, if I subscribe to Sales Hub Professional and Service Hub Professional, which each include up to 3,000 minutes of calling per account per month, do I get up to 6,000 minutes of calling per account per month?

No. Limits are not additive across products. So, in cases where a HubSpot account has more than one paid product with shared features, the upper limits listed in the tables above still apply. This means in the example of the calling feature in Sales Hub Professional and Service Hub Professional, the limit would be an aggregate of 3,000 minutes of calling per account per month. (Exceptions to this, which are additive, are: i) primary subdomains provided per content type, as we describe in the ‘Technical Limits’ above, and ii) audiences and ad spend if purchasing units of the Ads Add-On.)

I’m subscribed to Marketing and/or Service Hub and want to use the SMS functionality. How are “message segments” counted in the add-ons and limit increases for SMS?

According to Twilio, which provides the underlying functionality for HubSpot’s SMS tool, when you send an SMS message containing more than 160 characters, the message is split into smaller messages for transmission. Large messages are split into 153-character "segments" and sent individually, then re-assembled by the recipient’s device. The effective character limit per segment is 153 rather than 160, because a data header must be included with each segment to ensure correct re-assembly.

For example, a 161-character message will be sent as two messages: one with 153 characters and a second with eight characters.

If you include non-GSM-7 characters, such as emojis, those messages will be sent using the UCS-2 encoding. Messages containing one or more UCS-2 characters can only contain up to 70 characters in a single, non-segmented message. UCS-2 messages of more than 70 characters will be split into 67-character segments.

You can view the number of message segments you have consumed in your SMS settings at any time.

Consulting Services
As stated in our HubSpot Customer Terms of Service, unless we otherwise agree, consulting services are as described on https://legal.hubspot.com/hubspot-product-and-services-catalog (or other URL we designate), and will be delivered in English. You can find these descriptions below. We may periodically update this description page. There are some important general terms that relate to all of these descriptions, and you can find these in the general terms section below.
General Terms
Important Note
Onboarding Services
Onboarding Foundations: For Partners

Onboarding Foundations: For Partners provides users with a paid seat access to a library of live workshops that can assist with the implementation of your HubSpot subscription. Workshops are only available for live viewing and not available on demand. Users with a paid seat may access workshops during the delivery period, subject to eligibility requirements. We may adjust the date and/or time by notifying you prior to the start of a workshop. Your purchase of Onboarding Foundations: For Partners is non-cancelable and all fees paid are non-refundable, regardless of your attendance or participation in the workshops. Licenses are non-transferrable once workshop attendance has occurred.

Delivery Period: 90 days from purchase
Last Modified: June 1, 2023

Marketing Hub Professional Onboarding

Marketing Hub Professional Onboarding consists of access to a customer onboarding specialist or equivalent HubSpot expert(s) to assist with the setup and/or implementation of your Marketing Hub Professional subscription. Marketing Hub Professional Onboarding is delivered remotely; support will consist of phone and/or Zoom conversations, email-based support, and any other activities related to the setup and/or implementation of your subscription.

Delivery Period: 90 days from purchase
Last Modified: May 7, 2024

Marketing Hub Enterprise Onboarding
Marketing Hub Enterprise Onboarding consists of access to a customer onboarding specialist or equivalent HubSpot expert(s) to assist with the setup and/or implementation of your Marketing Hub Enterprise subscription. Marketing Hub Enterprise Onboarding is delivered remotely; support will consist of phone and/or Zoom conversations, email-based support, and any other activities related to the setup and/or implementation of your subscription.

Delivery Period: 90 days from purchase
Last Modified: May 7, 2024
Sales Hub Professional Onboarding
Sales Hub Enterprise Onboarding
Service Hub Professional Onboarding
Service Hub Enterprise Onboarding
Professional Customer Platform Onboarding
Enterprise Customer Platform Onboarding
Premier Customer Platform Onboarding
Service Extension
Brands
Advanced Onboarding
Premier Onboarding
Partner Onboarding
Academy Onboarding
Customer Training
HubSpot Training: Marketing Hub Fundamentals
HubSpot Training: Solutions Partner Essentials
Partner Private Training
Partner Private Training: Additional Hours
Partner Private Training: Onsite
Migration Services
Website Migration: Setup
Website Migration: Content Pages
Tech Service: Template Setup
Bronze CRM Data Migration
Silver CRM Data Migration
Gold CRM Data Migration
Strategic Consulting Services
Inbound Consulting: Standard
Inbound Consulting: Monthly
Inbound Consulting: Ongoing
Inbound Consulting: Advanced
Inbound Consulting: Premium
Inbound Consulting: For Solutions Partners
One-Time Inbound Consulting: For Solutions Partners
Premium Consulting
Custom Consulting Services
Technical Consulting Services
Technical Consulting: Standard
Technical Consulting: 1 Day
Technical Consulting: Ongoing
Technical Consulting: Advanced
Technical Consulting: Premium
Technical Consulting: Data Hub Programmable Automation
Technical Consulting: Data Hub Data Sync
Technical Consulting: For Solutions Partners
One-Time Technical Consulting: For Solutions Partners
Migration Consulting: 4 Hour
Partner Technical Accelerator
Archived HubSpot Service Descriptions

 

We aim to be transparent about our product packaging and the limits that apply, so we hope you find this catalog useful. Please note that the fees we provide here are subject to applicable taxes and that all purchases are subject to the HubSpot Customer Terms of Service.

We periodically update this catalog by posting a revised copy at legal.hubspot.com/hubspot-product-and-services-catalog, so please check back here for current information. If you’re looking for definitions of the terms used here, see the ‘Other Technical Limits and Definitions’ above or our HubSpot Customer Terms of Service.

If you have any questions, please contact your HubSpot representative or contact our sales team at +1 888-482-7768.

 

Popular Features
All Products and Features
All Products and Features
HubSpot AEO
HubSpot AEO
Free Meeting Scheduler App
Free Meeting Scheduler App
Agent Hub
Agent Hub
Email Tracking Software
Email Tracking Software
AI Content Writer
AI Content Writer
AI Website Generator
AI Website Generator
Email Marketing Software
Email Marketing Software
Lead Management Software
Lead Management Software
AI Prospecting Agent
AI Prospecting Agent
Free Website Builder
Free Website Builder
Landing Pages
Landing Pages
Free Online Form Builder
Free Online Form Builder
Free Chatbot Builder
Free Chatbot Builder
Free Live Chat Software
Free Live Chat Software
Marketing Analytics
Marketing Analytics
Free Landing Page Builder
Free Landing Page Builder
Free Web Hosting
Free Web Hosting
Free Tools
See All Free Business Tools
See All Free Business Tools
AI Search Grader
AI Search Grader
AI Search Sensor
AI Search Sensor
Make My Persona
Make My Persona
Email Signature Generator
Email Signature Generator
Free Business Templates
Free Business Templates
Software Comparisons Library
Software Comparisons Library
Website Templates
Website Templates
Connector for Claude
Connector for Claude
Company
About Us
About Us
Careers
Careers
Management Team
Management Team
Board of Directors
Board of Directors
Investor Relations
Investor Relations
Blog
Blog
Sustainability
Sustainability
Contact Us
Contact Us
Customers
Customer Support
Customer Support
Join a Local User Group
Join a Local User Group
Partners
All Partner Programs
All Partner Programs
Solutions Partner Program
Solutions Partner Program
Technology Partner Program
Technology Partner Program
HubSpot for Startups
HubSpot for Startups
Affiliate Program
Affiliate Program
Facebook
Instagram
Youtube
Twitter
Linkedin
Reddit
Tiktok

Copyright © 2026 HubSpot, Inc.

Legal Center
 
Privacy Policy
 
Security
 
Website Accessibility
 
Manage Cookies
 
 Your Privacy Choices
