SOURCE: https://www.gohighlevel.com/highlevel-bootcamp
FETCHED: 2026-10-06T12:16:41.406Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
HighLevel Bootcamp is Live
FREE BOOTCAMP + 30 DAY FREE TRIAL TO HIGHLEVEL
LIVE BOOTCAMP WITH PERSONAL WALKTHROUGH
Get 30 Days Free Trial + Free Live Bootcamp to Launch HighLevel Together
What if you could launch HighLevel for your business in just 48 minutes without any product, experience, or tech skills?

Live Bootcamp with HighLevel Coach

Breakout Rooms to Implement Together

Leave The Bootcamp with a Live Business

Join The HighLevel Bootcamp
It's 100% Free to Join
Get Your 30 Day Trial to Unlock Bootcamp!
Account Creation
Your Business Information
Payment Information
Your Billing Info
Go To Step #2

We Respect Your Privacy & Information.
70,000+
HighLevel Users Worldwide
Over $500M+
in revenue generated by GHL Users for their businesses
84+
Countries and Counting
Sign up for the next HighLevel Bootcamp, happening every weekday at 11am CT, and experience it for yourself.

This LIVE Zoom interactive class is a CLICK-by-CLICK tutorial where you learn the skills and strategies you need to walk away with a FINISHED HighLevel launch!

Next Bootcamp:
Tuesday 11 AM CT
Important: This is Not Another Webinar. It's a Click-by-Click LIVE Bootcamp Where We Get Stuff Done Together!

A LIVE interactive class that walks you through the process of launching your business in HighLevel in LESS than ONE HOUR. Plus, you get to ask any questions you have from us live!

Here's what we'll cover:

Quick Win Setup #1: Text Marketing

Quick Win Setup #2: The Missed Call Text Back 

Quick Win Setup #3: Mobile App

Quick Win Setup #4: Social Media Integrations

Quick Win Setup #5: Google Business Chat

Quick Win Setup #6: Reputation and Reviews Management

Live Zoom Format With HighLevel Team

60 min MAX

Breakout Room Experience With Smaller Groups

Plus, Get these Amazing BONUSES!

Lead Gen Playbook Giveaway

5-Day Challenge Access Giveaway

SaaSPRENEUR Playbook Giveaway

HighLevel Launch Snapshot Giveaway

HighLevel Funnel Giveaway

Join The HighLevel Bootcamp
It's 100% Free to Join
Yes, This is All 100% Free
When You Join Today!

This is our way of helping you get launched on HighLevel without charging you upfront.

FREE BONUS #1

5 Day Reviews Challenge Course

Build a thriving business from scratch centered around one valuable offer - requesting and collecting positive online reviews.

With done-for-you training, tools, and templates, you can craft irresistible offers and start signing new clients in no time.

FREE BONUS #2

The SaasPreneur Playbook

HighLevel’s flagship SaaS Launch Course is designed to help you go to market with a SaaS offer in a local market space.

This will  teach you how to use HighLevel to generate low-ticket recurring subscription models for your current business or as a new stand-alone package.

FREE BONUS #3

HighLevel Snapshots & Funnels

Easily plug and play proven funnel templates with our 1-click snapshots you can download and launch in minutes.

These help you shortcut your learning curve and as you'll see on the bootcamp, get you up and running in less than 1 hour.

That's the power of leveraging what we've already built for you.

Bootcamps are happening every weekday at 11am CT, and it's 100% free to join.

Click below to get your free trial and you're in!

Join The HighLevel Bootcamp
It's 100% Free to Join
Get Started in 3 Simple Steps

There's no catch or funny business. We understand that the best way to help you use HighLevel is to actually jump into a free bootcamp with you and set things up together so you don't get stuck.

01
Sign Up On This Page For Free

It’s free for 30 days and you can cancel anytime without being charged the subscription cost. Communication surcharges may apply during the trial period.

02
Attend The Free Bootcamp every weekday

Our High Level coaches will be helping you step by step so you don't get stuck in the tech.

03
Scale Your Business with HighLevel

That's it - just sign up for the 30 day free trial on this page and show up to the live bootcamp.

Join The HighLevel Bootcamp
It's 100% Free to Join
4.9/5 Stars From 2,000+ Reviews

See what others are saying about our other 5 Day challenges!

Join The HighLevel Bootcamp
It's 100% Free to Join
Tuesday 11 AM CT
Frequently Asked Questions
Who is the Bootcamp designed to help?

This one-hour live ZOOM intensive is for anyone who aspires to start their own business but struggles with questions like, "Where do I start?" or "What’s the quickest way to set up HighLevel without the pain?”NOTE: At this event, we will not be helping anyone grow their existing automations. Instead, we'll be launching a fully working set of automation from scratch using workflows, funnels, and strategies that are time-tested and proven.

What if I can't make the whole 1-hour experience?

Bootcamp is a click-by-click tutorial, so if you miss anything, you won’t get the intended outcome. That’s why we strongly recommend you block your calendar and be present for the entire one-hour class. So if you can't commit to the full hour, please don't register. Also, due to the speed of implementation during the class, we will NOT slow down to help you if you miss any portion of the Bootcamp.

When is Bootcamp?

Bootcamp is on this Friday, at 11 AM CT. It is an exclusive live virtual event and will not be recorded or live-streamed to the public. Only registered attendees will be admitted to the event.

What can I expect from the live event?

Bootcamp is exclusive to live attendees and will take place on this Friday, at 11 AM CT. The click-by-click tutorial is a valuable, privately held event that will guide you through launching a fully working set of automation from scratch using workflows, funnels, and strategies that are time-tested and proven. The live event will not be recorded, so we strongly recommend you block your calendar and be present for the entire one-hour class.If you can't commit to the full hour, please don't register.

What if I can't make the whole 1-hour experience?

Bootcamp is a click-by-click tutorial, so if you miss anything, you won’t get the intended outcome. That’s why we strongly recommend you block your calendar and be present for the entire one-hour class.

If I miss part of the event, can I catch up by watching the recording?

Unfortunately, no. Bootcamp won’t be recorded. The exclusive live virtual event is a click-by-click tutorial, so if you miss anything, you won’t get the intended outcome. That’s why we strongly recommend you block your calendar and be present for the entire one-hour class.

What if I have no idea what to sell?

It’s FREE! And don’t worry, We’re not going to trick you into buying anything else inside the Zoom! Our Bootcamp is all about giving you the tools you need to get started.

How much does this cost?

It’s FREE! And don’t worry, We’re not going to trick you into buying anything else inside the Zoom! Our Bootcamp is all about giving you the tools you need to get started.

Where is the event located?

Bootcamp is run virtually through Zoom so you can attend from the comfort of your own home on a laptop or desktop (smartphones are not recommended). Once you secure your spot you’ll be seeing confirmation and reminder emails with more information and links to know for the Bootcamp.

Do I need a computer?

Yes. You will need a laptop or desktop to attend.

And all of this is FREE?

When you sign up for a free 30-day trial of HighLevel, you will not be charged the subscription cost; however, communication surcharges may apply.These costs are based on usage. After your trial period ends, monthly subscription and usage fees may apply.

Join The HighLevel Bootcamp
It's 100% Free to Join
Tuesday 11 AM CT

* Results not guaranteed. Communication surcharges may apply. Software Subscriptions will rebill on a monthly basis unless canceled. No Contracts. No Commitment. Cancel Anytime. Our Payments are 100% Safe & Secure.

Please Note: As part of our community, you may receive occasional updates via text & email messages. In certain cases, communication surcharges may apply.

If you were referred to this page by one of HighLevel's affiliates, that affiliate may earn commissions for your referral.

This is a joint offer from HighLevel and its affiliates. You will receive bonuses from both the referring affiliate and HighLevel.

© 2026 HighLevel, Inc. - All Rights Reserved

Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Privacy and Security
