SOURCE: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000003675-how-to-create-and-send-estimates-using-in-highlevel
FETCHED: 2026-10-06T10:19:50.287Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
Skip to main content
HighLevel Support Portal
Home
Knowledge base
Login
Sign up
Home
...
How to Create and Send Estimates Using in HighLevel
How to Create and Send Estimates Using in HighLevel

Modified on: Tue, 1 Oct, 2024 at 9:04 PM

TABLE OF CONTENTS

What's New? 
How to Use?
Access Estimates
Create an Estimate:
Users/sender can accept/reject this estimate
Convert to Invoice
Track
Others
Why We Built It? 
What's New? 
We are thrilled to announce the launch of our new Estimates feature!
This addition allows you to create estimates and share them with clients before sending the final invoice.
The clients can simply 
accept/reject
 this estimate
You can directly 
convert this estimate into an invoice
 and then send it with ease.
How to Use?
Access Estimates
Go to a Sub-account -> Select Payments
Click on Invoices and Estimates -> Select Estimates
Create an Estimate:
To create an Estimate: Click on 'New' button and enter the details such as business information, customer information, Estimate number, Expiry
Add products to the estimate and click on send
Send to Client: Review the estimate and send it directly to your client 
via email or SMS.
Users/sender can accept/reject this estimate
Users can click on accept and this estimate will be marked as accepted
Users can click on reject, add notes and this estimate will be marked as rejected
Users can click on Mark as accepted/rejected if user has already confirmed on phone
Convert to Invoice
Click on sent invoice item
Convert to Invoice: Once your client approves the estimate, you can easily convert it into an invoice by selecting
 create an invoice from the dashboard or opening the accepted estimate and then clicking on create an invoice.
Track
Keep a track of all the estimates that are in different stages: Draft, Sent, Accepted, Declined, Invoiced
Keep a track of value of estimates that are in pipeline from the cards on top of the dashboard
Keeptrack of notes added by users on the dashboard and within the estimate builder
Others
Customize: Customize the estimate by adding your company’s branding, terms and adjusting in settings.
Why We Built It? 
The Estimates feature was built to complete the payment suite for all your business needs!
Create an estimate
Get a Document Signed
Send an invoice
Was this article helpful?
No 
Yes
Print
Articles in this Folder
Invoices - New revamped UI
Bank-Only Transfers for Invoice Payments (SEPA & ACH)
How to Edit Recurring Invoices
How to View Invoices and Download Receipts in the Mobile App
Setting up QuickBooks Integration
Editing of Payment Schedules and Partially Paid Invoices
Related Articles
Create Estimates using Templates on Mobile(v3.98.1)
Workflow Action - Send Estimate
How To Link Opportunities with Invoices and Estimates
How to use Direct Payments in Estimates in the Mobile App
Payments Tab in Contacts and Opportunities on Mobile
Add Product Images to Estimates in HighLevel
Home Knowledge base
