SOURCE: https://help.ahrefs.com/en/articles/14057378-how-does-upgrading-your-ahrefs-subscription-work
FETCHED: 2026-09-26T22:45:57.053Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
Skip to main content
English
Français
Bahasa Indonesia
日本語
한국어
Português
简体中文
Español
English
Search for articles...
All Collections
Account Access and Billing
Your Subscription
How does upgrading your Ahrefs subscription work?
How does upgrading your Ahrefs subscription work?

In this article, we explain how to upgrade your Ahrefs subscription and how upgrade charges are calculated

Written by Anna
Updated over 3 weeks ago
How to upgrade your subscription

While logged in, go to https://app.ahrefs.com/pricing and select a higher plan:

 

 

Once you choose the plan to upgrade to, a payment will be triggered. Once that's successful, your upgraded subscription will be active on your account.

 

How does billing work when I upgrade my subscription?

When you upgrade your Ahrefs subscription, you don’t pay the full monthly price again. Instead, we charge only the difference between your current plan and the new plan, adjusted for the remaining time in your billing cycle.

 

How upgrade charges are calculated

When you upgrade your plan:

The system calculates the price difference between the two plans.

You are charged only for the remaining time in your current billing period.

Your billing cycle does not change.

Here's an example of how the upgrade charges will be calculated

If you upgrade your plan with 10 days remaining in your billing cycle, you’ll only pay the pro-rated difference between the two plans for those 10 days.

 

What happens after upgrading?

The upgrade is applied immediately.

You get instant access to the features of the new plan.

Your next invoice will reflect the full price of the new plan for the next billing cycle.

Related Articles
How do I unsubscribe / cancel my subscription / delete my account?
Can I subscribe to Ahrefs services for 1 month?
Ahrefs' usage-based pricing for credit-based plans
What's the difference between all Ahrefs subscription plans?
Getting started with Ahrefs MCP
Did this answer your question?
Disappointed Reaction
😞
Neutral Reaction
😐
Smiley Reaction
😃
How to upgrade your subscription
How does billing work when I upgrade my subscription?
Ahrefs AcademyBlogYouTubePricing
