SOURCE: https://help.ahrefs.com/en/collections/87738-account-access-and-billing
FETCHED: 2026-09-26T22:45:26.058Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
Skip to main content
English
Français
Bahasa Indonesia
日本語
한국어
Português
简体中文
Español
English
Search for articles...
All Collections
Account Access and Billing
Account Access and Billing

Managing your account; upgrading, downgrading and cancellations; payment methods, invoices, VAT and billing cycles

By Anna and 6 others
29 articles
Your Account
Can I change my Ahrefs login email?
SAML SSO configuration
How do I change or reset my password?
What kind of emails will I receive from Ahrefs and how do I change the frequency of emails or disable them?
How do I change the language of Ahrefs interface?
How can I update my personal particulars within Ahrefs' interface?
How do I add and manage users to my account's workspace?
Why am I being kicked out of Ahrefs account?
Why does Ahrefs keep asking me to verify my account?
Two-factor authentication (2FA)
How to customize the new "All Tools" menu
Your Subscription
What's the difference between all Ahrefs subscription plans?
How to control credits usage
How do I unsubscribe / cancel my subscription / delete my account?
Can I pause or suspend my subscription?
What is my subscription plan? How can I check what I have?
What is the difference between Credit-based plans and Unlimited credit plans?
How does upgrading your Ahrefs subscription work?
About Rows, Export rows, and user limits
Payments
How does "2 months free" discount work with a yearly plan?
My scheduled subscription payment failed. How can I re-attempt the payment?
How to update payment info if subscription has ceased due to failed payment?
Why am I charged GST/VAT/consumption tax/sales tax and how can I get it refunded?
What e-mail should I specify when making payment: the one attached to Ahrefs account or the one for billing/payer's one?
Why is my next billing date different from expiry date?
I used to pay for Ahrefs in my national currency. When I try to re-purchase, it shows me a different price. Why?
How do I change the credit card that is linked to my Ahrefs account?
Invoicing
Where can I see my invoices?
Can I change my billing address for invoices?
Ahrefs AcademyBlogYouTubePricing
