SOURCE: https://help.ahrefs.com/en/articles/13002606-what-can-i-use-for-free-in-ahrefs
FETCHED: 2026-09-26T22:46:52.945Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
Skip to main content
English
Français
Bahasa Indonesia
日本語
한국어
Português
简体中文
Español
English
Search for articles...
All Collections
Getting Started with Ahrefs
Plans and Pricing
What can I use for free in Ahrefs?
What can I use for free in Ahrefs?

Learn which tools and capabilities you can use for free at Ahrefs

Written by Constance Tan
Updated over 3 weeks ago

Not ready for a subscription just yet, but would still like to try our tools? Don't fret! 

 

We have a whole spread of powerful tools you can use without spending a single dollar, with an Ahrefs free account.

 

Ahrefs Free Account

 

A free account gives you access to the following 6 tools:

Tool

	

Limit

Site Explorer¹

	

1000 backlinks & keywords visible at once

Site Audit¹

	

5000 crawl credits/month per project

Web Analytics

	

1,000,000 events per project

Social Media Manager

	

Unlimited posts and channels

AI Content Helper

	

1 document / month

SEO Toolbar

	

Metrics: DR and UR only.

All other On-page features: content, indexability, etc. are fully available.

¹Available for websites you can prove ownership for. This is done by verifying ownership

 

When you're ready for access to even more features such as Keywords Explorer, check out the Starter plan.

 

Site Explorer

 

View SEO insights such as backlinks, organic traffic, and paid traffic using Site Explorer for websites you own. These are the reports in Site Explorer that you can access on the free account:

Section

	

Reports

Overview

	

Overview

Backlink profile

	

Backlinks

Referring domains

Anchors

Organic search

	

Organic keywords

Organic Positions

Top pages

Organic Competitors

Paid search

	

Paid keywords

Ads

Paid pages

Pages

	

Best by links

Crawled pages

Internal links

	

Internal links

Most linked pages

Internal anchors

Check out Opportunities for a quick way to learn about use cases for Site Explorer

 

→ Learn more about what Site Explorer can do

 

 

Site Audit

 

Crawl your website on demand for technical issues using Site Audit. 

All 170+ issues that site audit tracks by default can be done for websites you own. 

For websites larger than 5000 URLs, consider upgrading to Starter or a higher plan.

 
​→ Learn more about what Site Audit can do

 

 

Web Analytics

Track where your website's traffic is coming from (including from AI assistants)

Set up funnels to analyze how visitors move through your website

Set up custom events to monitor important interactions like purchases or registrations

Measure performance of campaigns using UTM tags

→ Learn more about what Web Analytics can do

 

Ahrefs Web analytics is free up to 1 million events per month. If your website exceeds that, consider upgrading your project to Pro or Max

 

Social Media Manager

Draft, schedule, and manage posts across Facebook, X, LinkedIn, Instagram and TikTok

Drag and drop to schedule posts effortlessly across your calendar

Create once, and publish on multiple channels

 

→ Learn more about SMM

 

AI Content Helper

 

Create content that competes well against top performing pages for your target keyword

Built-in AI helps you speed up research, improve topic coverage and level up your copywriting

Create a Brand Kit from existing articles to keep AI writing consistent with your brand's tone and style.

→ Learn more about AI Content Helper

 

SEO toolbar

A great way to audit on-page SEO issues of your current page, see redirect chains, check outgoing links and more!

 

 

💡With a Starter plan or higher, you can also view SEO metrics of URLs linked in Google Search result pages and Google trends.

→ Ahrefs SEO Toolbar 

 

Free Domain Rating API Endpoint

Check the Domain Rating and gauge the backlink authority of any website with our free API endpoint, subjected to our terms of use.

 

 

→ API Documentation

→ License & Terms of Use

 

Other free tools:

 

Firehose

 

Firehose is a free, real-time, web mentions API powered by Yep. Define a set of rules, and get notified when the freshest pages matching those rules get published or changed.

 

→ Firehose

 

 

Free AI Writing tools by Ahrefs

A whole list of small but powerful AI powered tools.

Create the perfect copy for different social media platforms

Detect AI in text paragraphs and humanize it

Generate SEO-friendly page titles, meta descriptions, Image alt text

Create outlines for essays, landing pages, blog posts

...and more!

​→ AI writing tools

 

 

Word Count

Originally a simple tool that helped you count words and characters in your written text, Wordcount today also supports a wide variety of AI powered capabilities:

Proofread your written content

Rewrite with a different tone/style

Humanize the text

Summarize the content

Detect AI Content

...and more!

💡 Free AI features are capped at 3 a day. To get unlimited access to all the AI editing capabilities, sign up for Wordcount Pro

 → Wordcount

 

Related Articles
What is Ahrefs?
What are the best practices for doing keyword research with the help of Ahrefs?
What is Ahrefs Rank (AR)?
What's the difference between all Ahrefs subscription plans?
About Ahrefs' Starter plan
Did this answer your question?
Disappointed Reaction
😞
Neutral Reaction
😐
Smiley Reaction
😃
Ahrefs Free Account
Site Explorer
Site Audit
Web Analytics
Social Media Manager
AI Content Helper
SEO toolbar
Free Domain Rating API Endpoint
Other free tools:
Firehose
Free AI Writing tools by Ahrefs
Word Count
Ahrefs AcademyBlogYouTubePricing
