SOURCE: https://help.clickup.com/hc/en-us/articles/30914854991255-Teams-feature-availability-and-limits
FETCHED: 2026-09-26T22:50:09.869Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
Skip to main content
 Toggle navigation menu
Search
Ask me anything
ClickUp Help
Get started
Teams (User Groups)
Teams feature availability and limits

Teams Hub is the central place to manage the teams in your Workspace.

Pricing and availability for Teams Hub features are subject to change.

You can try out Teams Analytics on the Unlimited Plan and Business Plan with unlimited uses for a short time.

Availability by plan

The following table shows Teams feature availability by plan:

Feature	Free Forever Plan	Unlimited Plan	Business Plan	Business Plus Plan	Enterprise Plan
Teams	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes
Teams Hub	Not available	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes
Number of teams	2 teams	3 teams	10 teams	Unlimited teams	Unlimited teams
Teams Analytics	1 day	1 day	7 days	30 days	30 days
Teams Activity	Not available	1 day	7 days	30 days	Unlimited activity
Share items with teams	Not available	Not available	Not available	Yes	Yes
Share Spaces with teams	Not available	Not available	Not available	Not available	Yes
Org Chart	Not available	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes
Sharing with Teams

When a user has both team and individual permissions for an item or location, the individual user permission is applied.

Availability by user role

The following table shows access to Teams features by user role:

Role	Create Teams and manage members	Can access Teams Hub	Can be managed from Teams Hub	Can see your Org Chart
Guest	No	No	Yes	No
Limited Member	No	No	Yes	No
Limited members can view user profiles, allowing them to see a person's reporting line from there.
Member	No	Yes	Yes	Yes
Admin	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes
Guests and limited members in teams

If view only guests or limited members view only are added to a team, they will be converted to permission controlled guests or limited members.

The ability to add limited members view only to a team is gradually being released to all Workspaces.

Permission controlled guests will not have access to Spaces even if the team does.

Was this article helpful?
Related articles
Use Teams in your organization
Intro to Teams Hub
Find teams in your Workspace
Intro to billing
Assign tasks
Articles in this section 
Use Team Org Charts
Update your Organizational Chart
Find someone in your Organizational Chart
Expand or collapse direct reports in your Organizational Chart
Explore your Organizational Chart
What is your Organizational Chart?
Find teams in your Workspace
People overview page in Teams Hub
Team overview in Teams Hub
Teams feature availability and limits

See all 13 articles

Go to ClickUp
English (United States) 
    
Get Help
