SOURCE: https://help.clickup.com/hc/en-us/articles/6303536766231-Intro-to-Custom-Fields
FETCHED: 2026-09-26T22:52:00.228Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
Skip to main content
 Toggle navigation menu
Search
Ask me anything
ClickUp Help
Features and ClickApps
Custom Fields
Intro to Custom Fields
Intro to Custom Fields

Enrich your tasks with Custom Fields to add important context and improve your Dashboard reporting. Whether you're adding an email address for a customer relationship management task, a dropdown to categorize work, or location fields to plot your work on a map, Custom Fields allows you to fully customize your Workspace.

Check out our Create Statuses and Custom Fields course on ClickUp University!

Custom Fields by location

Custom Fields can be added to Spaces, Folders, Subfolders, Lists, or your entire Workspace. You can use the same Custom Field in multiple locations.

When you add a Custom Field to a List, it will display on all tasks and subtasks in that List.

When you add a Custom Field to a Space, it will be added to every Folder, Subfolder, List, task, and subtask in that Space.

Custom Fields by task type

Custom Fields by task type appear on tasks based on their custom task type. They are available on tasks anywhere in your Workspace.

You can use both Custom Fields by task type and Custom Fields by location on tasks.

Feature availability and limits

The following availability and limits apply to Custom Fields.

Availability by plan

The following table outlines Custom Fields availability by plan:

Plan	Number of Custom Field uses	Use custom role permissions to manage Custom Fields	Can pin Custom Fields	Can use Custom Fields by task type
Free Forever	60
Learn more	No	No	No
Unlimited	Unlimited	No	No	No
Business	Unlimited	No	Yes	No
Business Plus	Unlimited	Owners only	Yes	Yes
Enterprise	Unlimited	Owners only	Yes	Yes

Custom task types feature availability and limits vary by plan and user role. Learn more

Availability by user role

The following table outlines Custom Fields availability by user role:

User role	Can edit Custom Field values	Create new options for Label and Dropdown Custom Fields	Can create Custom Fields
Guest	Guests with edit or full permissions can edit Custom Field values on tasks, but cannot create new ones.	No	No
Limited Member	Limited members with edit or full permissions can edit Custom Field values on tasks, but cannot create new ones.	No	No
Member	Yes	Yes	Yes
On Business Plus and Enterprise Workspaces, the Manage Custom Fields custom role permission must be enabled for members.
Admins	Yes	Yes	Yes
Activate the Custom Fields ClickApp

To activate the Custom Fields ClickApp:

Open the App Center.
From the App Center's left sidebar, click All ClickApps.
Browse or search for the Custom Fields ClickApp.
Click the toggle to activate the ClickApp.
You can use the first dropdown menu to activate the ClickApp in specific Spaces.
You can use the second dropdown menu to select your sorting preferences.
Custom Field types

Different Custom Field types allow you to capture and use different types of information to organize tasks and maintain consistency.

For example, you can create a Phone Custom Field to capture client phone numbers or use Formula Fields to perform calculations.

Or, you can use a Dropdown Custom Field to track delivery quarter.

Create Custom Fields

Create new Custom Fields from other locations in your Workspace.

Create Relationship Custom Fields

Learn how to create Relationship Custom Fields.

Show Custom Fields

Show and explore the dataavailable in Custom Fields from tasks or views.

Display data from related tasks in List view by adding a rollup field column!

Add Custom Fields to new locations

Add Custom Fields to additional Spaces, Folders, Subfolders, and Lists.

Adding a Custom Field to a view will add it to that location. For example, adding a Custom Field column to a List view at the Everything level will add the Custom Field to all tasks in your Workspace.

AI Fields

Use AI Fields to summarize tasks, get updates, translate, and create action items, or create your own content custom AI fields for endless possibilities!

Set Custom Field permissions

You can set Custom Field permissions to safeguard important information.

Use Formula Fields

Create custom calculations using Formula Fields!

Set Custom Field values

Set Custom Fields values to organize and add context to your tasks!

Search, sort, and filter tasks by Custom Fields

Use Custom Fields to search, track, sort, and filter the work in your tasks.

Manage Custom Fields

Manage Custom Fields to make sure your data is captured and maintained consistently. The following articles will help you manage your Custom Fields:

View and search Custom Fields
Require Custom Fields
Set default values
Manually sort Custom Fields
Hide Custom Fields from guests and limited members
Edit Custom Fields
Move Custom Fields
Convert Custom Fields
Merge Custom Fields
Duplicate Custom Fields
Pin Custom Fields
Remove or delete Custom Fields
Custom Fields searched by Brain AI

The following Custom Fields are searched when you ask Agents or Brain a question about a task:

Date
Email
Location
Number
Phone Number
Text
Text area (Long Text)
URL
Dropdown
Label
Checkbox
Money
Use Custom Fields with Brain AI

You can write prompts for Agents or Brain to search or update Custom Fields.

For example, type into Brain's prompt field:

Find all the Tshirt size Custom Fields in this Folder with the content "Medium."

Or, you could request:

Change the Tshirt size Custom Field in Task A from "Medium" to "Large."

Learn more about Brain AI tools!

Unexpected Custom Field behavior

If a Custom Field is not behaving as expected, ensure that the correct Custom Field type has been created for the expected behavior.

If you enter a URL or location, make sure you're using the Website or Location Custom Field. The information can be put into Text Custom Fields, but it won't work as intended.

Number not valid error for commas

Commas are not supported for all Custom Fields at this time.

Can't find an address in Location Custom Fields

The Location Custom Field provides you with addresses to select using Google Maps data. If an address you enter is not showing up on Google Maps, it displays the closest match in the Location Custom Field.

If you cannot find a specific address, try the following:

Use Google Maps Plus Codes. Find the equivalent Plus Code and input it into the Location Custom Field.
Use a Text Custom Field to contain the address. This allows you to input addresses in a text format without automatic suggestions. You will not be able to use the data directly in a Map view when using a Text Custom Field.
Was this article helpful?
Related articles
Custom Field types
Set Custom Fields on tasks
Show Custom Fields in tasks and views
Intro to Automations
Intro to views
Articles in this section 
Intro to Custom Field Manager
Intro to Custom Fields
Custom Field types
Custom Fields uses
Set Custom Fields on tasks
Show Custom Fields in tasks and views
Go to ClickUp
English (United States) 
    
Get Help
