SOURCE: https://help.clickup.com/hc/en-us/articles/10129535087383-Intro-to-pricing
FETCHED: 2026-09-26T22:45:15.623Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
Skip to main content
 Toggle navigation menu
Search
Ask me anything
ClickUp Help
Get started
Owners and Admins
Intro to pricing

Learn how pricing is affected by feature usage, add-ons, and inviting people to join your Workspace.

Only the Workspace owner or an admin can manage billing or discuss billing information with Customer Support.

Some Workspaces see a new set of plans that include more ClickUp AI. Your current plan and features do not change.

If you have questions about your billing contract, contact your Account Executive or sales@clickup.com. If you don't have a contract, please contact Support.

Our plans

A new ClickUp account is automatically set up with a Free Forever Workspace. You can create as many Workspaces as you want. Each Workspace must be individually upgraded from Free Forever to use paid plan features.

Following is an overview of all of our plans:

Free Forever: Best for personal use. Provides an industry-leading number of features and makes ClickUp accessible to everyone.
Unlimited: Best for small teams. Unlock unlimited storage.
Business: Best for mid-sized teams. Includes more guest seats so you can work with freelancers, clients, and other collaborators.
Business Plus: Best for multiple teams. Includes custom role permissions and priority support.
Enterprise: Customize ClickUp with your organization's branding. Unlocks advanced permissions, unlimited custom roles, and SSO.

For current pricing and full feature details, visit our Pricing page.

Our pricing model

Pricing for members, admins, and permission-controlled guests and limited members depends on your plan type. Learn how inviting people to your Workspace affects plan pricing!

Guest seats

Read our Pricing per user role and plan article for more information about guest seats.

Feature usage limits

Depending on your plan, certain features have usage limits. This allows you to test some advanced features before upgrading.

Feature usage limits do not reset. If you reach a limit on your current plan, you'll need to upgrade your Workspace to continue using the feature. You can upgrade anytime during your billing cycle.

When you hit a usage limit, data created using that feature won't be impacted. You won't be able to edit or add new information using the feature until your Workspace is upgraded.

For example, if you reach your plan's Doc tags usage limit, the Doc tags you created will not be deleted. You won't be able to add or edit Doc tags until you upgrade your Workspace. You can continue to use all other Docs features.

Add-ons

Add-ons purchased as part of your paid plan are itemized in your billing invoice.

Refund policy

We offer a 30-day satisfaction guarantee for new customers, including any add-ons purchased as part of your paid plan.

You can request a full refund within 30 days of purchasing your first paid plan subscription. After 30 days, we will not be able to offer a refund. All paid plan subscriptions automatically renew at the end of the billing cycle.

Was this article helpful?
Related articles
Intro to billing
Intro to Automations
Google Calendar integration
Set up your individual Workspace
Custom task types
Articles in this section 
Set up your team's Workspace
Intro to pricing
Invite people to your Workspace
Track your Workspace's Brain AI usage
Invite people to join your Workspace from Chat
Default user role permissions
User role availability and limits
Set up your team's Workspace from scratch
Intro to billing
Intro to ClickUp Assist

See all 26 articles

Go to ClickUp
English (United States) 
    
Get Help

Unable to load chat

Please refresh the page or try again later.
