SOURCE: https://help.clickup.com/hc/en-us/articles/23477062949911-Automations-feature-availability-and-limits
FETCHED: 2026-09-26T22:50:04.157Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
Skip to main content
 Toggle navigation menu
Search
Ask me anything
ClickUp Help
Features and ClickApps
Automations
Automations feature availability and limits

Take a look at our article Intro to Automations to learn about all our Automations features.

Activate the Automations ClickApp

To use Automations, the Workspace admin or owner must activate the Automation ClickApp.

Access and usage limits by plan

Action limits reset on the first of every month (PST). Usage alert emails are sent to owners and admins when Automations usage reaches 90% and 100%.

All plans can use Automations. The number of total active Automations and Actions per Workspace depends on your plan in the following way:

Plan	Active Automations	Actions	Are task webhooks, Automations integrations, and Chat webhooks available?
Free Forever	5 total active Automations	100 Actions per month	No
Unlimited	500 total active Automations	1,000 Actions per month	No
Business	Unlimited total active Automations	5,000 Actions per month	Yes. Task webhooks, Automations integrations, and Chat webhooks are available.
Business Plus	Unlimited total active Automations	25,000 Actions per month
Can purchase more Actions	Yes
Enterprise	Unlimited total active Automations	250,000 Actions per month
Can purchase more Actions	Yes

When your limit has been exceeded, your Workspace's Automations are paused for that month.

Trigger, Conditions, and Actions limits

To avoid firing issues, we recommend creating the simplest Automation you can.

This table shows the limits for each part of an Automation:

Part of the Automation	Number of Triggers, Conditions, and Actions allowed in one Automation
Triggers	1
Conditions
Conditions are optional criteria available on the Business Plan and above that must be true for the Automation to launch.	15
Actions	6
Usage history

Read our article Track your Workspace Automations usage to learn how to manage your Automations.

The amount of time your usage history is stored depends on your plan:

Plan	Usage history stored
Free Forever, Unlimited, and Business	1 day of activity
Business Plus	30 days of activity
Enterprise	6 months of activity
Access by user role

The following table details which user roles can create Automations:

User role	Can create Automations?
Free Forever guests	No
View only guests	No
Permission controlled guests	No
Limited members view only	No
Limited members	Yes. Limited members can create Automations in locations where they have edit or full edit permissions.
Members, admins, and owners	Yes. Members, admins, and owners can create Automations unless they have view only or comment permissions to the location.
Was this article helpful?
Related articles
Intro to Automations
Track your Automations Actions usage
Intro to ClickApps
Intro to billing
Intro to ClickUp University
Articles in this section 
Create a List and apply a template using Automations
Add to List Automation permissions
Use Custom Fields in Automations
Automatically rename form submissions
Integrate ClickUp using Automation webhooks
Keep task names consistent with Automations
Apply an Automation to a specific task
Access the Automations modal
Create a Chat Automation
Create a task webhook Automation

See all 25 articles

Go to ClickUp
English (United States) 
    
Get Help
