SOURCE: https://help.clickup.com/hc/en-us/articles/21257864098071-Dashboards-feature-availability-and-limits
FETCHED: 2026-09-26T22:51:01.414Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
Skip to main content
 Toggle navigation menu
Search
Ask me anything
ClickUp Help
Features and ClickApps
Dashboards
Dashboards feature availability and limits

ClickUp Dashboards enable teams and organizations to visualize, measure, and collaboratively report on their work. Availability and limits vary by plan and user role.

Cards added to Dashboards also vary by plan and user role. Learn more

Learn about availability and limits for other ClickUp features on our pricing page.

Dashboards plan availability

The following table describes Dashboard usage limits by plan:

Plan	Dashboards usage limits
Free Forever	60 uses
Unlimited	100 uses
Business	Unlimited uses
Business Plus	Unlimited uses
Enterprise	Unlimited uses
What counts as a use

Uses of Dashboards include the following actions:

Create a Dashboard
Create a Dashboard view
View a Dashboard
Add a card
Edit a card
Remove a card
Remove a Dashboard

These uses do not reset.

Scheduled reports plan availability

The following table describes scheduled reports usage limits by plan:

Plan	Scheduled reports usage limits
Free Forever	40 uses
Unlimited	40 uses
Business	40 uses
Business Plus	Unlimited uses
Enterprise	Unlimited uses
What counts as a use?

A use of scheduled reports is counted each time an email is sent to any number of recipients.

For example, a Dashboard sends a scheduled report to ten recipients every Monday and Friday. This counts as two uses per week.

These uses do not reset.

Scheduled reports Automations usage

Scheduled reports are also counted as active Automations and contribute to your monthly Automations usage.

Dashboard availability by user role

The following table describes the availability of Dashboard features by user role:

Feature	Guests	Members	Admins
Access Dashboards	Only when the Dashboard is shared with them.	Yes	Yes
Access Dashboard views	Only when the location has been shared with them.	Yes	Yes
Create Dashboards	No	Yes	Yes
Add cards to Dashboards	No	Yes	Yes
Use drilldown	Yes	Yes	Yes
Save as PDF	Yes	Yes	Yes
Guest limitations

Guests are also subject to the following limitations:

Guests will only see cards on a Dashboard if they have access to the tasks, Lists, Subfolders, or Folders included in the card.
Guests can be invited to specific Dashboards with view only permissions.
Comment and View only guests can’t change date and time-range controls on Timesheet and Time Reporting cards.
Dashboard performance limitations

The following table describes limits that are enforced to improve platform performance:

Limit	Description
100 cards per Dashboard	You can add a maximum of 100 cards to a Dashboard.
Once you reach the 100 card limit, you won't be able to add new cards or duplicate existing cards, until at least one card is removed.
500 rows per Dashboard or Overview	You can have up to 500 rows of cards on each Dashboard or Overview.
Was this article helpful?
Related articles
Intro to Dashboards
Create and share a Dashboard view
Dashboards FAQ
Create and share a Gantt view
How do I import my work into ClickUp?
Articles in this section 
Dashboard settings
Move a Dashboard
Move and resize cards on Dashboards
Schedule Dashboard Reports
Pie Chart cards
Intro to Dashboards
Dashboards Hub
Create and share a Dashboard view
Drill-down view for Dashboard cards
Average age of tasks

See all 43 articles

Go to ClickUp
English (United States) 
    
Get Help
