SOURCE: https://help.clickup.com/hc/en-us/articles/31944097870487-AI-Notetaker-and-Meetings-Hub-feature-availability-and-limits
FETCHED: 2026-09-26T22:52:05.464Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
Skip to main content
 Toggle navigation menu
Search
Ask me anything
ClickUp Help
ClickUp Brain AI
AI Notetaker
AI Notetaker and Meetings Hub feature availability and limits

Learn about ClickUp AI Notetaker and Meetings Hub access by plan and user role.

AI Notetaker is in early access. Pricing may evolve as we assess infrastructure costs.

Some Workspaces see a new set of plans that include more ClickUp AI. Your current plan and features do not change.

Activate the AI Notetaker ClickApp

To use AI Notetaker and access Meetings Hub, an admin or owner must activate the AI Notetaker ClickApp.

Try AI Notetaker

For a limited time, admins can try AI Notetaker for free.

Workspaces have 5 hours of free AI Notetaker usage per admin. Free hours are shared between all admins and do not reset. Personal, Shared, and Workspace AI Notetaker usage counts toward the five hour limit.

The Workspace owner counts as an admin.

For example, a Workspace with 3 admins shares 15 hours of free AI Notetaker usage. Members and guests cannot use free hours.

Standard and advanced features

Standard AI Notetaker includes Personal Notetaker notes and recordings.

Advanced AI Notetaker includes:

Personal, Shared, and Workspace Notetakers
Custom AI Notetaker bot names
Access to AI Notetaker by plan

AI Notetaker usage can be purchased via the Everything AI Bundle on paid plans or as a standalone add-on on any plan. Both options are available in your Workspace's billing page.

Plan	Can purchase AI Notetaker?	Can use advanced AI Notetaker features?	Can use AI Notetaker in SyncUps?
Free Forever	Can be purchased as a standalone add-on	No	No
Unlimited	Can be purchased via the Everything AI Bundle
Can be purchased as a standalone add-on	No	Yes, once AI Notetaker usage has been purchased
Business	Can be purchased via the Everything AI Bundle
Can be purchased as a standalone add-on	No	Yes, once AI Notetaker usage has been purchased
Business Plus	Can be purchased via the Everything AI Bundle
Can be purchased as a standalone add-on	Yes	Yes, once AI Notetaker usage has been purchased
Enterprise	Can be purchased via the Everything AI Bundle
Can be purchased as a standalone add-on	Yes	Yes, once AI Notetaker usage has been purchased
Access to AI Notetaker by user role

The following table shows AI Notetaker feature availability by user role:

User role	Can use AI Notetaker
Free Forever guests	No
View only guests	No
Permission controlled guests	No
Limited members view only	No
Limited members	No
Members	Yes
Admins	Yes
Access to Meetings Hub by plan

Meetings Hub can be accessed on all plans.

Access to Meetings Hub by user role

Meetings Hub can be accessed by all user roles. People can only see the AI Notes they have permission to.

Was this article helpful?
Related articles
Use AI Notetaker to take notes and record meetings
Purchase or cancel ClickUp add-ons
Intro to user roles
What is the Planner?
Microsoft Teams integration
Articles in this section 
Zoom recording notifications for ClickUp AI Notetaker
Activate the AI Notetaker ClickApp
AI Notetaker and Meetings Hub feature availability and limits
Use AI Notetaker to take notes and record meetings
Customize AI Notetaker
Supported languages for AI Notetaker
Go to ClickUp
English (United States) 
    
Get Help
