SOURCE: https://help.clickup.com/hc/en-us/articles/13673035695127-Downgrade-your-plan
FETCHED: 2026-09-26T22:51:26.685Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
Skip to main content
 Toggle navigation menu
Search
Ask me anything
ClickUp Help
Get started
Owners and Admins
Downgrade your plan

Choose the plan with the best productivity-boosting features for your team!

You must be an owner or admin to upgrade or downgrade a Workspace, switch billing cycles, or contact us with any billing questions.

Some Workspaces see a new set of plans that include more ClickUp AI. Your current plan and features do not change.

Plan details

Take a look at our pricing page for current plan pricing and full details.

We offer the following five plans:

Free Forever: Best for personal use. Provides an industry-leading number of features and makes ClickUp accessible to everyone.
Unlimited: Best for small teams. Unlock unlimited storage.
Business: Best for mid-sized teams. Includes more guest seats so you can work with freelancers, clients, and other collaborators.
Business Plus: Best for multiple teams. Includes custom role permissions and priority support.
Enterprise: Customize ClickUp with your organization's branding. Unlocks advanced permissions, unlimited custom roles, and SSO.
Add-ons

Add-ons are independent of your plan. You must manually add and remove them.

Downgrade your plan

You can downgrade at any time during your billing cycle. When you downgrade:

Your Workspace will switch to the new plan at the end of your billing cycle.
All your data will remain in the Workspace and can be accessed if you upgrade again.

To downgrade:

In the upper-left corner, click your Workspace avatar and select Settings.
In the All settings sidebar, click Billing.
Click Downgrade or Cancel plan.
Was this article helpful?
Related articles
Intro to billing
Delete your account
Remove someone from a Workspace
Troubleshoot payment issues
Set up your individual Workspace
Articles in this section 
Set up your team's Workspace
Intro to pricing
Invite people to your Workspace
Track your Workspace's Brain AI usage
Invite people to join your Workspace from Chat
Default user role permissions
User role availability and limits
Set up your team's Workspace from scratch
Intro to billing
Intro to ClickUp Assist

See all 26 articles

Go to ClickUp
English (United States) 
    
Get Help
