SOURCE: https://help.clickup.com/hc/en-us/articles/9180575416215-Intro-to-billing
FETCHED: 2026-09-26T22:53:29.986Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
Skip to main content
 Toggle navigation menu
Search
Ask me anything
ClickUp Help
Get started
Owners and Admins
Intro to billing

All billing and plan info is available in your Workspace settings on the Billing page.

The billing page is accessible to all paid plan Workspaces.

Only the Workspace owner or an admin can manage billing or discuss billing information with Customer Support.

Some Workspaces see a new set of plans that include more ClickUp AI. Your current plan and features do not change.

If you have questions about your billing contract, reach out to the Account Executive that you worked with or sales@clickup.com. If you don't have a contract, please contact Support.

Access your billing page

To access your billing page:

In the upper-left corner, click your Workspace avatar and select Settings.
In the All settings sidebar, click Billing.
Billing page info

Your billing page includes the following sections. Use the tabs at the top of the billing page to navigate between these sections.

Plans

Info about your current plan and links to upgrade or downgrade your plan.

Add-ons

From the billing page's Add-ons tab, you can purchase or remove add-on features.

Billing

The Billing section includes the following information about your plan.

Make sure you have all the info. Learn about our pricing model. Also, take a look at when and how we charge for adding members, guests, or admins. When discussing billing, a member or member seat refers to anyone invited as a member or admin. Owners are members, too. There can only be one Workspace owner, but ownership can be transferred.

Billing Cycle: Yearly or monthly billing cycle.
You cannot mix yearly and monthly licenses within the same Workspace.
Next billing date: The date your billing cycle renews.
Total: Total cost of renewing your plan. This includes sales tax, if applicable. Take a look at our article Update your credit card information to learn how to manage your payment methods.
To see itemized pricing, to the right of your total, click the dropdown.

Payment method

Workspace owners and admins manage payment methods from the billing page of the Workspace settings menu. You can change your payment method, add a card, remove a card, or set a default payment method.

We accept the following debit and credit cards:

Visa
Mastercard
American Express
Discover

We can't process prepaid debit cards or PayPal at this time.

If you're experiencing payment issues, we'll let you know. You can take these troubleshooting steps before contacting support.

Credit

If you have Workspace credits, you'll see them in the Payment Method section to the right of the Add card button. Your Workspace credit is applied automatically when you add new members, upgrade your plan, or when your plan renews.

Invoice History

From the Invoice details section, you can view or download invoices and get invoice notification emails. This is also where you add invoice info, such as your billing address or VAT number.

Switch from monthly to yearly billing

You can switch from monthly to yearly billing at any time. To switch, contact Support.

When switching to the yearly cycle, you'll be charged for the next 12 months when your plan renews.

Was this article helpful?
Related articles
Pricing per user role and plan
Delete your account
Downgrade your plan
Invite people to your Workspace
Update your credit card information
Articles in this section 
Set up your team's Workspace
Intro to pricing
Invite people to your Workspace
Track your Workspace's Brain AI usage
Invite people to join your Workspace from Chat
Default user role permissions
User role availability and limits
Set up your team's Workspace from scratch
Intro to billing
Intro to ClickUp Assist

See all 26 articles

Go to ClickUp
English (United States) 
    
Get Help
