SOURCE: https://help.clickup.com/hc/en-us/articles/6303314345623-Upgrade-your-plan
FETCHED: 2026-09-26T22:50:55.522Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
Skip to main content
 Toggle navigation menu
Search
Ask me anything
ClickUp Help
Get started
Owners and Admins
Upgrade your plan

Choose the plan with the best productivity-boosting features for your team!

You must be an owner or admin to upgrade or downgrade a Workspace, switch billing cycles, or contact us with any billing questions.

Some Workspaces see a new set of plans that include more ClickUp AI. Your current plan and features do not change.

Plan details

Take a look at our pricing page for current plan pricing and full details.

We offer the following five plans:

Free Forever: Best for personal use. Provides an industry-leading number of features and makes ClickUp accessible to everyone.
Unlimited: Best for small teams. Unlock unlimited storage.
Business: Best for mid-sized teams. Includes more guest seats so you can work with freelancers, clients, and other collaborators.
Business Plus: Best for multiple teams. Includes custom role permissions and priority support. Business Plus is not included on our pricing page, but you can see plan details when following the upgrade instructions in your Workspace.
Enterprise: Customize ClickUp with your organization's branding. Unlocks advanced permissions, unlimited custom roles, and SSO.
Upgrade from the Free Forever Plan

A new ClickUp account is automatically set up with a Free Forever Workspace. This plan is a great intro to our platform's basic features. If your team needs more features or functionality, you can upgrade at any time.

We'll prompt you to upgrade if you exceed the limits of your plan's use-based features. If your Workspace has more than 100 MB of data, you'll need to upgrade or free up some storage.

To upgrade from Free Forever:

In the upper-left corner, click your Workspace avatar and select Settings.
In the All settings sidebar, click Billing or Upgrade.
In the Unlimited, Business, or Business Plus modal, click Upgrade.
To upgrade to the Enterprise Plan, in the Enterprise modal, click Contact Sales.
From the Order Summary in the Billing Plan section, choose a yearly or monthly billing cycle.
In the Payment details section, enter your credit card information.
Click Upgrade.
You instantly have full access to your new plan's features!
Upgrade from a paid plan

When you upgrade from a paid plan, you're charged a prorated amount. We account for what you've already paid and the time left in your previous plan.

To upgrade from a paid plan:

In the upper-left corner, click your Workspace avatar and select Settings.
In the All settings sidebar, click Billing or Upgrade.
In the Plans tab, at the bottom of the Business or Business Plus modal, click Upgrade.
To upgrade to the Enterprise Plan, at the bottom of the Enterprise modal, click Contact Sales.
From the Order Summary in the Billing Plan section, choose a yearly or monthly billing cycle.
In the Payment details section, enter your credit card information.
Click Upgrade.
You instantly have full access to your new plan's features!
Convert to US currency when upgrading

If your local currency isn't USD, the pricing you see on the website is the current conversion rate to USD. You'll be charged in USD.

We won't charge conversion fees for your upgrade. Your bank may charge a small foreign transaction fee.

Free trials

Free trials are a good way to take other plans for a test drive!

When your trial expires, you won't lose access to your data. You won't be able to edit or add data using paid plan features associated with your trial.

To check which trial your Workspace is on:

In the upper-left corner, click your Workspace avatar and select Settings.
In the All settings sidebar, click Billing or Upgrade.
Your trial details are displayed on the plan you're testing.
Was this article helpful?
Related articles
Intro to billing
Guest-type user roles
Set up your individual Workspace
Create a template
Set up your team's Workspace
Articles in this section 
Set up your team's Workspace
Intro to pricing
Invite people to your Workspace
Track your Workspace's Brain AI usage
Invite people to join your Workspace from Chat
Default user role permissions
User role availability and limits
Set up your team's Workspace from scratch
Intro to billing
Intro to ClickUp Assist

See all 26 articles

Go to ClickUp
English (United States) 
    
Get Help
