SOURCE: https://help.clickup.com/hc/en-us/articles/6303101719831-Purchase-or-cancel-ClickUp-add-ons
FETCHED: 2026-09-26T22:51:50.819Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
Skip to main content
 Toggle navigation menu
Search
Ask me anything
ClickUp Help
Get started
Owners and Admins
Purchase or cancel ClickUp add-ons

Purchase Brain AI, more Automation actions, or ClickUp Assist.

Some Workspaces see a new set of plans that include more ClickUp AI. Your current plan and features do not change.

Open the Add-ons tab

To open the Add-ons tab:

In the upper-left corner, click your Workspace avatar and select Settings.
In the All settings sidebar, click Plans.
At the top, select the Add-ons tab.
Purchase Brain AI

Brain AI is activated in all Workspaces on a trial basis.
After the trial, Brain AI add-ons can be purchased to activate different AI features in your Workspace.
To purchase Brain AI:

In the Add-ons tab, select the Bundle and save or Customize tab. Or scroll down to the AI Super Credits section.
Click Add to plan.
On the order page, confirm your payment details and billing cycle.
Click Upgrade.
Brain AI pricing model

Brain AI is purchased per Workspace. If you have multiple Workspaces, you'll need to purchase Brain AI for each one.
The fee applies to all members of your Workspace. Credits can be used by anyone who has access to Brain AI in the Workspace.
You have an open seat if you've removed a member during your billing cycle. When you purchase Brain AI, you're charged for that seat, since a new member can fill the seat.

Cancel your Brain AI auto-renewal

Owners and admins can cancel auto-renewal of their add-ons while retaining their paid plan features until the end of their billing cycle.
To cancel Brain AI:

In the Add-ons tab, select the Bundle and save or Customize tab.
Click Cancel, then Yes, cancel add-on.
Purchase or cancel AI Talk to Text

Owners and admins can purchase unlimited fair use of AI Talk to Text via the standalone add-on or by purchasing the Everything AI add-on:
Usage limits are subject to change at ClickUp's discretion. New features may vary by plan.

Purchase the AI Talk to Text add-on

To purchase the standalone AI Talk to Text add-on:

On the Add-ons page in the AI Talk to Text section, select an add-on option. You may need to select Customize in the ClickUp AI Add-Ons section to see the Talk to Text option.
Click Add to plan.
On the order page, confirm your payment details and billing cycle.
Click Upgrade.
Cancel the AI Talk to Text add-on

Owners and admins can cancel the standalone AI Talk to Text add-on.
To cancel AI Talk to Text:

On the Add-Ons page in the AI Talk to Text section, click Cancel.
Purchase or cancel AI Notetaker

Owners and admins can purchase AI Notetaker as a standalone add-on or by purchasing the Everything AI add-on.
AI Notetaker pricing is subject to change. Read AI Notetaker availability and limits for more information.

Purchase AI Notetaker

Owners and admins can purchase the standalone AI Notetaker add-on or the Everything AI add-on.
For a limited time, admins can try AI Notetaker for free.
To purchase the standalone AI Notetaker add-on:

On the Add-ons page in the AI Notetaker section, select an add-on option. You may need to select Customize in the ClickUp AI Add-Ons section to see the Notetaker option.
Click Add to plan.
On the order page, confirm your payment details and billing cycle.
Click Upgrade.

To purchase the Everything AI add-on, which includes AI Notetaker:

In the ClickUp AI Add-Ons section, select the Bundle and save.
Cancel Notetaker

Owners and admins can cancel the standalone AI Notetaker add-on.
To cancel AI Notetaker:

On the Add-ons page in the AI Notetaker section, click Cancel.

Read our AI Notetaker article for more information.

Purchase Automation Actions add-ons

Owners and admins can purchase more Automation Actions for a monthly fee on the Business Plus and Enterprise Plans. Read our Automations article for more information.

ClickUp Assist add-on

Get personalized help creating workflows, onboarding your team, and setting up your Workspace. Learn more about adding ClickUp Assist to your plan.

ClickUp Assist is charged in the following way:

ClickUp Assist is charged and automatically renewed based on your current plan renewal cycle.
For your first purchase, you'll be charged an amount prorated for the number of days left in the month.
If you do not use the services, they do not roll over to the next month.
Add-on trials

We offer an AI trial on any plan. At this time, we're not offering trials of other add-ons.

If you'd like to add a paid plan trial to your Workspace, contact Support.

Purchasing an add-on during a billing cycle

Add-ons are charged monthly or yearly, depending on your billing cycle.

Brain AI, AI Notetaker, and Automation add-ons are charged in the following way:

The add-on amount will be prorated to match the time left in your billing cycle.
For example, if you have 6 months left in your yearly billing cycle and the total amount of the add-on is $400 per year, then you will be charged $200.
Was this article helpful?
Related articles
Intro to billing
Intro to Automations
Use Email in ClickUp
Use Automation Actions
Set up your individual Workspace
Articles in this section 
Set up your team's Workspace
Intro to pricing
Invite people to your Workspace
Track your Workspace's Brain AI usage
Invite people to join your Workspace from Chat
Default user role permissions
User role availability and limits
Set up your team's Workspace from scratch
Intro to billing
Intro to ClickUp Assist

See all 26 articles

Go to ClickUp
English (United States) 
    
Get Help
