SOURCE: https://help.clickup.com/hc/en-us/articles/32274881672599-Views-feature-availability-and-limits
FETCHED: 2026-09-26T22:51:35.478Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
Skip to main content
API & MCP
Status:
My Tickets
Search
Ask me anything
ClickUp Help
 Get started
 Views
 Intro to views
Views feature availability and limits

Each view provides a different focus on your and your team's work.

Views availability plan

The following table describes the views available on each ClickUp Plan:

View	Free Forever Plan	Unlimited Plan	Business Plan	Business Plus Plan	Enterprise Plan
Activity view	24 hours of activity	7 days of activity	Unlimited	Unlimited	Unlimited
Board - Kanban view	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes
Calendar view	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes
Dashboard view	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes
Doc view	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes
Embed views	40 uses	100 uses	Unlimited	Unlimited	Unlimited
Form view	1 Form	Unlimited	Unlimited	Unlimited	Unlimited
List view	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes
Gantt view	60 uses	Unlimited	Unlimited	Unlimited	Unlimited
Map view	No	5 uses	Unlimited	Unlimited	Unlimited
Mind map view	No	40 uses	Unlimited	Unlimited	Unlimited
Table view	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes
Team view	No	100 uses	Unlimited	Unlimited	Unlimited
Timeline view	60 uses	100 uses	Unlimited	Unlimited	Unlimited
Whiteboard view	3 Whiteboards	10 Whiteboards	Unlimited	Unlimited	Unlimited
Workload view	60 uses	100 uses	Unlimited	Unlimited	Unlimited
What counts as a use?

Dashboard views count towards the uses of Dashboards.

The following actions count as a use in Team view:

Updating task statuses.
Creating tasks.
Expanding boxes.
Updating workload type.
Updating Sorting options.
Updating Layout options in the Customize menu.

The following actions count as a use in Mind Map view:

Creating a view
Creating a node
Deleting a node
Saving changes
Loading the Mind Map
List view performance limitations

Up to 5,000 tasks can load at a time in List view. Use filters to refine the tasks displayed in List view.

Add Everything level views

The following table describes the ability to add Everything level views by plan:

Action	Free Forever Plan	Unlimited Plan	Business Plan	Business Plus Plan	Enterprise Plan
Add Everything level views	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes
Calculate columns

The following table describes the ability to calculate columns by plan:

Action	Free Forever Plan	Unlimited Plan	Business Plan	Business Plus Plan	Enterprise Plan
Calculate columns	No	No	Yes	Yes	Yes
Use Private views

Required views cannot be made Private.

The following table describes the ability to use Private views by plan:

Action	Free Forever Plan	Unlimited Plan	Business Plan	Business Plus Plan	Enterprise Plan
Use Private views	No	No	Yes	Yes	Yes
Protect views

The following table describes the ability to protect views by plan:

Action	Free Forever Plan	Unlimited Plan	Business Plan	Business Plus Plan	Enterprise Plan
Protect views	No	No	10 uses	Yes	Yes
Protect Doc views	No	No	No	Yes	Yes
What counts as a use?

Uses of protected views include protecting and unprotecting a view.

For example, you protect a List view. Then, you unprotect the view to make changes to the filter. Then protect it again. These actions count as three uses.

Set default views

Default views cannot be set on the ClickUp mobile app.

The following table describes the ability to protect views by plan:

Action	Free Forever Plan	Unlimited Plan	Business Plan	Business Plus Plan	Enterprise Plan
Set default views	No	No	5 uses	Unlimited	Unlimited
Baselines in Gantt view

The following table describes usage of baselines in Gantt view by plan:

Action	Free Forever Plan	Unlimited Plan	Business Plan	Business Plus Plan	Enterprise Plan
Use baselines in Gantt view	No	No	10 baselines per location	10 baselines per location	20 baselines per location
Export data from List and Table views

The following table describes the ability to protect export data from List and Table views by plan:

Action	Free Forever Plan	Unlimited Plan	Business Plan	Business Plus Plan	Enterprise Plan
Export data from List and Table views	No	5 uses	Unlimited	Unlimited	Unlimited
Views availability by user role

To create views, you must have Edit or Full edit permissions to the List, Subfolder, Folder, or Space where the view is created.

The following table describes views by user role:

	Guests	Members	Admins	Owner
Use views	Only on Lists, Subfolders, and Folders shared with them.	Yes	Yes	Yes
Create views	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes
Create views at the Everything level	No	Yes	Yes	Yes
Calculate columns	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes
Export List and Table views	No	Yes	Yes	Yes
Protect views	No	Yes	Yes	Yes
Set default views	No	No	Yes	Yes
Create private views	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes
Make existing views private	No	Yes	Yes	Yes
Was this article helpful?
Related articles
Create and share a Gantt view
Export List and Table views
Add an Embed view
Intro to views
How do I export my Workspace's data?
Articles in this section
Export List and Table views
The views control bar
Use custom icons for your views
Views feature availability and limits
Add a view
Group and reorder views
Pin a view
Intro to views
Use Page views
Intro to the Views Bar

See all 28 articles

Go to ClickUp
English (United States) 
Get Help
