SOURCE: https://help.clickup.com/hc/en-us/articles/20686299081879-ClickUp-Brain-AI-feature-availability-and-limits
FETCHED: 2026-09-26T22:49:59.222Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
Skip to main content
 Toggle navigation menu
Search
Ask me anything
ClickUp Help
ClickUp Brain AI
Intro to ClickUp Brain AI
ClickUp Brain AI feature availability and limits

Learn about ClickUp Brain AI feature access by plan and user role.

Some Workspaces see a new set of plans that include more ClickUp AI. Your current plan and features do not change.

ClickUp Brain AI availability
All Brain AI features are subject to the terms of our fair use policy.
Future restrictions may apply to Brain AI features.
Brain AI usage limits may change as we assess usage and costs.
Brain AI access by plan

All plans get a trial of select Brain AI features. After that, only paid plans can purchase various Brain AI add-ons.

Access to Brain by user role

Brain is a context-aware AI coworker available from anywhere in your Workspace. Brain is sometimes called Brain Assistant.

This table details Brain access by user role:

Plan	Can use Brain
All user roles	Can use Brain in the locations and items they have access to.
Access to @Brain by user role

@mention Brain in task comments or Chat, just like you would mention a team member.

This table details @Brain access by user role:

User role	Can access @Brain
Free Forever guests
View only guests
Permission controlled guests
Limited members view only
Limited members	No
Members
Admins
Owners	Yes
Access to the Brain MAX desktop app by user role

Access Brain on the dedicated Brain MAX desktop app.

This table details these apps' access by user role:

User role	Can access Brain MAX desktop app
Free Forever guests
View only guests
Permission controlled guests
Limited members view only
Limited members	No
Members
Admins
Owners	Yes
Access to the Brain MAX Chrome extension by user role

Read the Brain MAX Chrome extension's feature availability and limits article.

Access to Super Agents by user role

Super Agents have the complete context of your Workspace, allowing them to efficiently and securely perform multi-step workflows around the clock.

This table details Super Agent access by user role:

User role	Can this role create, trigger, manage, or interact with Super Agents?
Free Forever guests
View only guests
Permission controlled guests
Limited members view only
Limited members	These roles cannot see Super Agents profiles or create or trigger a Super Agent.
Responses, or any other content Super Agents generate, are visible to anyone with access to that response or content.
Members
Admins
Owners	Yes, by default, these roles can create, trigger, manage, and interact with all public Super Agents. Learn more about Super Agent permissions.
To edit Super Agent permissions, you must be on a paid plan.
Access to AI Skills by user role

AI Skills are saved instructions that ClickUp Brain and Super Agents can use to consistently handle requests the way you want.

This table details AI Skills access by user role:

User role	Can this role create AI Skills?	Can this role use AI Skills?
Free Forever guests
View only guests
Permission controlled guests
Limited members view only
Limited members	No	If a member or admin shares the Skill with them directly.
Members
Admins
Owners	Yes	Yes
Access to Autopilot Agents by user role

All user roles can only use Autopilot Agents from locations and items they can access and have full or full edit permissions for.

This table details Autopilot Agent access by user role:

User role	Can this role create, trigger, or be responded to by Autopilot Agents?
Free Forever guests	Can't create
Can trigger an Autopilot Agent created on a Space, Folder, Subfolder, or List. For example, an Autopilot Agent is configured so that when a task status changes, it will perform a specified action.
If a Free Forever guest changes a task status in the Autopilot Agent's location, the Agent will act.
Autopilot Agent won't respond to their Chat messages and task comments.
View only guests	Can't create
Can't trigger
Permission controlled guests	Can't create
Can trigger an Autopilot Agent created on a Space, Folder, Subfolder, or List. For example, an Autopilot Agent is configured so that when a task status changes, it will perform a specified action.
If a permission-controlled guest changes a task status in the Autopilot Agent's location, the Agent will act.
Autopilot Agents won't respond to their Chat messages and task comments.
Limited members view only	Can't create
Autopilot Agents won't respond to their Chat messages and task comments.
Limited members	Can create Autopilot Agents if they have edit or full edit permissions.
All Autopilot Agents except Ambient Answers will respond to their Chat messages and task comments.
Members
Admins
Owners	Yes
ClickUp AI trial usage limits by plan

ClickUp Brain AI is activated in all Workspaces on a trial basis.

Brain trial access

Brain trial usage is measured by number of uses. Any option that generates an AI response counts as a use:

Free Forever: 25 uses per Workspace (up to 10 people) or 50 uses per Workspace (more than 10 people). This limit does not reset.
Unlimited and Business: 50 uses per Workspace (up to 10 people) or 75 uses per Workspace (more than 10 people). This limit does not reset.
Business Plus and Enterprise: 100 uses per Workspace (up to 10 people) or 175 uses per Workspace (more than 10 people). This limit does not reset.

Free Forever Workspaces must upgrade to a paid plan to purchase an AI add-on.

AI Super Credits trial access

AI Super Credits power automatic AI features like Super Agents, Autopilot Agents, AI Fields, AI Cards, and more. Brain does not consume AI Super Credits.

Trial AI Super Credit limits by plan:

Free Forever: 500 total credits per Workspace. This limit does not reset.
Paid plans with no AI add-on: 1,000 credits per user. This limit does not reset.

After purchasing an AI add-on:

Brain add-on: 1,500 credits per user per month.
Everything AI add-on: 5,000 credits per user per month.

Once trial credits are consumed, automatic AI features pause until you purchase an AI add-on or credit pack.

Talk to Text trial access

Talk to Text trial usage is measured by number of words transcribed:

Free Forever: 2,000 words per Workspace
Paid plans: 10,000 words per Workspace

After purchasing an AI add-on:

Brain add-on: 25,000 words per Workspace.
Everything AI add-on: Unlimited usage.
Was this article helpful?
Related articles
What is ClickUp Brain AI?
Intro to billing
Record, send, and transcribe Voice Clips
Create a wiki
Set up your individual Workspace
Articles in this section 
What is ClickUp Brain AI?
Perform data analysis with ClickUp Brain AI
Which features are included with the Brain AI add-ons?
How can Brain help my team?
ClickUp Brain Memory
Collaborate with ClickUp Brain anywhere in your Workspace
AI Hub
@mention Brain
Analyze spreadsheets with Brain AI
Use Brain on task comments

See all 15 articles

Go to ClickUp
English (United States) 
    
Get Help
