SOURCE: https://support.wix.com/en/article/purchasing-a-monthly-premium-plan
FETCHED: 2026-09-27T02:38:31.104Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
Topics
Resources
Hire a Professional
Pricing
Log In
Get Started
In this article
Upgrading with a monthly plan
FAQs
Home
Account & billing
Billing & premium subscriptions
Managing your subscriptions
Billing for Premium Plans
Purchasing a Monthly Plan
Purchasing a Monthly Plan
With a monthly Premium plan or Studio plan, you don't have to commit to a long-term subscription, and your plan automatically renews each month. By default, you are charged every month for your selected plan on the plan's expiration date. 
Tip:
Our yearly plans offer great savings and include a voucher for a 1-year free domain subscription. 
Upgrading with a monthly plan
You can upgrade your site at any time from your Wix account to enjoy all the benefits and features of a monthly plan.
Important information regarding site upgrades:
Site upgrades are only valid for one site. To upgrade multiple sites in your Wix account, you can purchase multiple plans.
Plans are set to renew automatically so that your site never experiences downtime. You can turn off the auto-renewal if you don't want your plan to renew. Make sure to do this after the first 14-day money back period, otherwise your plan is cancelled immediately.
To upgrade with a monthly plan:
Go to the Upgrade page.
Click Select under the plan you wish to purchase.
Select Monthly and click Continue to Checkout.
Enter your payment details and click Submit Purchase.
Note:
After submitting your purchase, your bank may require you to verify your identity. If you're experiencing any issues with the authentication process, contact your bank directly.
FAQs
Click a question below to learn more about monthly plans.
Do monthly plans include Wix vouchers or premium apps?
Monthly plans do not include Wix vouchers or premium apps.
Can I buy a Wix Logo plan that includes a monthly site plan?
Currently, it is not possible to buy Wix Logo plans that include a monthly website subscription. It is only possible to purchase these subscriptions with a yearly site plan. 

You can vote for this feature and we'll make sure to keep you updated. As an alternative option, you can purchase a monthly plan for your website and purchase Wix Logo separately. 
Did this help?
Yes
|
No
Hire a Professional
Get matched with a Wix Partner who can help you reach your site goals.
Start Now
Helpmate
Hello
Need a bit more guidance?
Unlock personalized help
Log in to get the most out of Helpmate.
Log In

Product

Website Builder
AI Website Builder
Website Templates
Website Design
Web Hosting
Landing Page Builder
Domain Registration
WHOIS Lookup
Domain Name Search
Wix Studio
Mobile App Builder
Base44

Solutions

Business website
Online Store Builder
eCommerce Website
Portfolio Website
Blog Website
Business Software
Business email
Free Business Tools
Point of Sale
Online Booking
Logo Maker
Wix University

Resources

Wix Blog
Privacy and Security Hub
SEO Learning Hub
Wix Website Features
App Market
Website Accessibility

Support

Help Center
Hire a Professional
Report Abuse
System Status

Company

Channel Partnerships
Press & Media
Investor Relations
Wix Ventures
Accessibility Statement
Patent Notice
Sitemap
Careers

Wix is a website builder and domain registrar that gives any business or individual the freedom to build a professional website, register a domain name or do both all in one place. By combining design tools, domain registration and business solutions in one AI-powered platform, Wix makes it easy for anyone to create without limits and scale confidently online.

About
Contact Us
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
© 2006-2026 Wix.com, Inc

We use cookies and similar technologies. You can opt-out by clicking 'Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information' at the bottom of the page.
