SOURCE: https://www.wix.com/about/us
FETCHED: 2026-09-27T02:44:55.740Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
Skip to Main Content
Product
Solutions
Resources
Domains
Pricing
Wix Studio
Enterprise
Log In
Start for free
Wix is a website builder & domain registrar to create limitlessly. 
OUR MISSION

Wix is dedicated to bringing everyone—from

Wix is dedicated to bringing everyone—from

businesses and creators to agencies and

businesses and creators to agencies and

enterprises—a complete solution for building

enterprises—a complete solution for building

professional websites, buying domains, managing

professional websites, buying domains, managing

businesses and growing without limits. At Wix, we

businesses and growing without limits. At Wix, we

strive to stay ahead of the curve, always evolving

strive to stay ahead of the curve, always evolving

to give you the most efficient and innovative tools

to give you the most efficient and innovative tools

to help you succeed at every stage in your journey.

to help you succeed at every stage in your journey.

​

Whether you're a business owner, a creator, an agency, or an enterprise, we're dedicated to bringing you a complete solution for building professional websites, managing your business and growing without limits. At Wix, we strive to stay ahead of the curve, always evolving to give you the most efficient and innovative tools to help you succeed at every stage in your journey.
OUR PLATFORMS
Wix

Wix is a website builder and domain registrar that lets any business or individual build their own professional website and establish their web presence. By combining design tools and business solutions in one AI-powered platform, Wix makes it easy for anyone to create without limits and scale confidently online.

Explore Wix
Wix Studio

Wix Studio is our intuitive web platform for creative, fast-paced teams at agencies and enterprises to create, develop and manage exceptional web projects, with hyper efficiency. Agencies get advanced design capabilities, extensive AI solutions, flexible dev tools and custom CSS for complete creative control. Combined with an integrated workspace, the platform provides everything needed for a super seamless workflow. And teams in enterprises can work on a whole different scale with advanced multi-site management, account-level analytics, SSO, and shared CMS collections, as well as services like custom development and dedicated success managers.

Explore Wix Studio
OUR BUSINESS SOLUTIONS

Wix isn’t just a website builder – it provides a complete ecosystem of tools that help you register a domain, design your site, sell online and grow your brand, all from one dashboard.

Wix features
 NUMBERS & FIGURES

190

Countries around
the world

300

M+

Users Worldwide 

Sites created per day

85

K+

20

Years of dedication

OUR STORY

Wix is the brainchild of our 3 founders: Avishai Abrahami, Nadav Abrahami and Giora Kaplan.  The idea was born (on the beach) while they were building a website to be the basis of another start-up idea. The tech savvy trio quickly discovered that creating their own website was difficult, frustrating and very costly. It was this agonizing experience that led them to a light bulb moment—to build a platform that empowered anyone to create their own website with no coding or design skills needed.

In 2006, Wix was born. Since then, we've evolved into the leader in website creation, committed to providing the latest features and capabilities that enable anyone to create a professional online presence.

WIX MILESTONES

2006

FOUNDED

Wix was founded by Avishai Abrahami, Nadav Abrahami and Giora Kaplan.

2008

FLASH EDITOR LAUNCHED

Wix launches its Flash Editor.

2009

1 MILLION USERS

Wix reaches 1 million users worldwide.

2012

HTML5 EDITOR LAUNCHED

HTML5 Editor is released.

APP MARKET IS LAUNCHED

App market launches. 

2013

IPO ON NASDAQ

November 6th, Wix goes public on the NASDAQ global market.

2014

50 MILLION USERS 

Wix reaches 50 million users worldwide.

2015

NEW EDITOR LAUNCHED

A new Editor is launched, complete with a redesigned intuitive interface.

2016

WIX ADI LAUNCHED

Launch of Wix’s Artificial Design Intelligence (ADI), the first AI solution for website creation. 

2018

ASCEND BY WIX LAUNCHED

Release of Ascend, a suite of products for business management and growth. 

2019

150M USERS

Wix reaches 150 million users worldwide.

VELO BY WIX LAUNCHED

Release of Wix’s full-stack development platform, Velo.

2021

200M USERS

Wix reaches 200 million users worldwide.

EDITOR X LAUNCHED

Editor X launches as the fully responsive website creation platform made for designers. 

2023

WIX STUDIO LAUNCHED

Launch of Wix Studio, the end-to-end platform for agencies and enterprises.
Wix launched Wix Headless, opening its business backend to any tech stack for the first time.
Wix reached 250 million users worldwide.

2024

AI WEBSITE BUILDER

Wix launched its next-generation AI website builder, enabling users to create a complete website through a conversational AI experience.

2026

WIX HARMONY

Wix launched Wix Harmony, an agentic AI website builder with vib.

Wix reached over 300 million users worldwide.

NEWSROOM
Wix and Gemini Join Forces to Integrate Website Building Into Everyday Workflows

24 AUGUST 2026

Wix to Participate in Fireside Chat at Citi's 2026 Global Technology Conference

25 AUGUST 2026

Base44 Integrates Native Google Ads Campaign Management for App Builders

9 SEPTEMBER 2026

All News
WIX HEADQUARTERS
Wix Campus

Nestled in the heart of Tel Aviv, Wix's headquarters serves as a vibrant and dynamic center of innovation, where diverse teams collaborate, brainstorm, and push the boundaries of web development.

WE’RE GLOBAL

Wix Offices Around the World

Our work environment is one of the most unique on the planet. Home to a diverse group of professionals (and their dogs) spread over four continents and twelve countries, we bring passion, skill and innovation to products people love to use. We’re fueled on snacks, beer and coffee so we can stay creative, happy and fulfilled. Want to join our team?  

See open positions

Tel Aviv

Beer Sheva

Cedar Rapids

New York

Dnipro

Dublin

Lviv

Vilnius

Amsterdam

Kyiv

About us
Newsroom
Investor Relations
Wix Capital
Careers

Product

Website Builder
AI Website Builder
Website Templates
Website Design
Web Hosting
Landing Page Builder
Domain Registration
WHOIS Lookup
Domain Name Search
Wix Studio
Mobile App Builder
Base44

Solutions

Business website
Online Store Builder
eCommerce Website
Portfolio Website
Blog Website
Business Software
Business email
Free Business Tools
Point of Sale
Online Booking
Logo Maker
Wix University

Resources

Wix Blog
Privacy and Security Hub
SEO Learning Hub
Wix Website Features
App Market
Website Accessibility

Support

Help Center
Hire a Professional
Report Abuse
System Status

Company

Channel Partnerships
Press & Media
Investor Relations
Wix Ventures
Accessibility Statement
Patent Notice
Sitemap
Careers

Wix is a website builder and domain registrar that gives any business or individual the freedom to build a professional website, register a domain name or do both all in one place. By combining design tools, domain registration and business solutions in one AI-powered platform, Wix makes it easy for anyone to create without limits and scale confidently online.

About
Contact Us
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
© 2006-2026 Wix.com, Inc

We use cookies and similar technologies. You can opt-out by clicking 'Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information' at the bottom of the page.
