SOURCE: https://support.wix.com/en/article/wix-premium-plan-pricing
FETCHED: 2026-09-27T02:38:22.804Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
Topics
Resources
Hire a Professional
Pricing
Log In
Get Started
In this article
Choosing a Premium plan
FAQs
Home
Account & billing
Billing & premium subscriptions
Upgrading to a Premium plan
Wix Premium Plan Pricing
Wix Premium Plan Pricing
Wix Premium plans offer enhanced benefits for your website, including removal of Wix ads, connection of a personal domain to your site (e.g. www.mybusinessname.com), 24/7 customer support, additional storage, extra bandwidth...and much more.

Upgrading to a Premium plan ensures a more professional and robust online presence, which is especially beneficial for businesses, bloggers, and anyone looking to make a strong impression.
Wix Premium vs Wix Studio:
Wix Premium plans are only for sites built on the Wix Editor. If your site is built in the Studio Editor, then you need to upgrade with a Studio plan.
Choosing a Premium plan
We have a range of Premium plans available for different needs. So which plan should you choose? Compare the Wix Premium plans to find the one that suits you best.
The prices for Premium plans may differ depending on your geographic location. Click the button below to preview the prices of the Premium plans available in your region.
Interested in upgrading?
View Premium plans
FAQs
Click a question below to learn more about our Premium plans.
Can I switch my plan later on if I have different needs?
Absolutely! You can upgrade or downgrade your plan at any time. 
Is there a free trial for Premium plans?
We do not offer a free trial for Premium plans, but there is a 14-day money-back guarantee if you are not satisfied with the plan you choose.
Do I need a Premium plan to connect a custom domain?
Yes, you need to upgrade to a Premium plan to connect a custom domain to your Wix site. You can either purchase a domain from Wix or connect a domain you already own. Learn more about the free site URL and connecting a domain.
Can I use my Premium plan on multiple sites?
No, each Premium plan is valid for one site only. If you have multiple sites, you will need to purchase a separate plan for each one.
Did this help?
Yes
|
No
Hire a Professional
Get matched with a Wix Partner who can help you reach your site goals.
Start Now
Helpmate
Hello
Need a bit more guidance?
Unlock personalized help
Log in to get the most out of Helpmate.
Log In

Product

Website Builder
AI Website Builder
Website Templates
Website Design
Web Hosting
Landing Page Builder
Domain Registration
WHOIS Lookup
Domain Name Search
Wix Studio
Mobile App Builder
Base44

Solutions

Business website
Online Store Builder
eCommerce Website
Portfolio Website
Blog Website
Business Software
Business email
Free Business Tools
Point of Sale
Online Booking
Logo Maker
Wix University

Resources

Wix Blog
Privacy and Security Hub
SEO Learning Hub
Wix Website Features
App Market
Website Accessibility

Support

Help Center
Hire a Professional
Report Abuse
System Status

Company

Channel Partnerships
Press & Media
Investor Relations
Wix Ventures
Accessibility Statement
Patent Notice
Sitemap
Careers

Wix is a website builder and domain registrar that gives any business or individual the freedom to build a professional website, register a domain name or do both all in one place. By combining design tools, domain registration and business solutions in one AI-powered platform, Wix makes it easy for anyone to create without limits and scale confidently online.

About
Contact Us
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
© 2006-2026 Wix.com, Inc

We use cookies and similar technologies. You can opt-out by clicking 'Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information' at the bottom of the page.
