SOURCE: https://help.seranking.com/hc/en-us/articles/16332662808604-Search-Engine-Autocomplete
FETCHED: 2026-09-26T22:55:54.416Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
Help Center
EN English  DE Deutsch ES Español FR Français あ 日本語 RU Русский
Start free trial
Getting Started
Getting Started
Create your first project
Set up agency account
Onboarding checklists
Quickstart video tutorials
Documentation
Tools
Project tools
Website Audit tools
SEO Research tools
Backlink Tools
AI Toolkit
SEO Reporting
Documentation
Getting Started
FAQ
User account & settings
Integrations
Mobile App
API
Add-ons
Agency pack
Local Marketing
Content Marketing
Resources
Education
Blog Thorough SEO guides, client case studies, and more
Webinars On-demand and upcoming online events with industry experts
Academy Practical online courses for SEO experts and agency owners
Other
Request demo Request a free demo to see our tools and integrations in action
What’s new Latest product updates from the SE Ranking team
Podcast Engaging talks with seasoned SEO experts on hot topics
Featured
Free course
Agency Profitability in 2026
EN English  DE Deutsch ES Español FR Français あ 日本語 RU Русский
Sign in Start free trial
Knowledge Base
SEO Research tools
Search Engine Autocomplete
  Articles in this section
Search Engine Autocomplete
Search Engine Autocomplete

Keyword research is the first step toward building a strong website and helping it rank among the top search results. With SE Ranking, you can get keyword ideas using suggestions from search engines, such as Google, Yahoo, and Bing.

Search engine suggestion is a feature that predicts the end of a search query and the next word or phrase. It is displayed in a special box under the search bar when a user starts typing a phrase. By adding the suggested queries to your site’s keyword list, you can reach more users who are looking for products and services in your niche.

How to find

Click the Research icon in the side menu and select Search Engine Autocomplete from the submenu that will appear. 

How to use Search Engine Autocomplete

Choose a search engine and a country from the list to get search engine suggestions.
Then, select the number of pages that will be analyzed for keyword suggestions.
To find additional suggestions, indicate letters, numbers, or symbols the analyzed search query should include. Choose among the following options:
“query [a-z]”—the system will put a space after the query and alternately add letters, collecting available search suggestions.
“query [0-9]”—the system will put a space after the query and alternately add numbers from 0 to 9, collecting available search suggestions.
“query [_]”—the system will put a space after the query and collect available search suggestions.

For example, by selecting the "query [a-z]" option for a search query like "buy iPhone", the system will automatically display phrases that contain terms that start with a particular letter, resulting in such suggestions as “buy iPhone Atlanta”, “buy iPhone Austin”, etc.  

4. Enter one search query per line to get suggestions. You can add up to 5 search queries for free. Each search query that exceeds the limit will cost $0.001.

5. Click the “Start search” button.

Results

The Results tab shows your suggestions search history, namely, the last 100 search results. To see the details, click the view icon next to a query. Using the “Delete” button, you can delete the search results for any query.

 
You can add the selected or all suggestions to your project to track the positions for these queries and export them in XLS or CSV file format.

Was this article helpful?
Yes No
0 out of 0 found this helpful
Have more questions? Submit a request
Return to top 
 Knowledge Base
© 2013 - 2026 SER Acquisition Inc. All Rights Reserved
    
seranking.com
