SOURCE: https://help.seranking.com/hc/en-us/articles/16332687022108-Users-FAQ
FETCHED: 2026-09-26T22:49:20.016Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
Help Center
EN English  DE Deutsch ES Español FR Français あ 日本語 RU Русский
Start free trial
Getting Started
Getting Started
Create your first project
Set up agency account
Onboarding checklists
Quickstart video tutorials
Documentation
Tools
Project tools
Website Audit tools
SEO Research tools
Backlink Tools
AI Toolkit
SEO Reporting
Documentation
Getting Started
FAQ
User account & settings
Integrations
Mobile App
API
Add-ons
Agency pack
Local Marketing
Content Marketing
Resources
Education
Blog Thorough SEO guides, client case studies, and more
Webinars On-demand and upcoming online events with industry experts
Academy Practical online courses for SEO experts and agency owners
Other
Request demo Request a free demo to see our tools and integrations in action
What’s new Latest product updates from the SE Ranking team
Podcast Engaging talks with seasoned SEO experts on hot topics
Featured
Free course
Agency Profitability in 2026
EN English  DE Deutsch ES Español FR Français あ 日本語 RU Русский
Sign in Start free trial
Knowledge Base
FAQ
FAQ Section
  Articles in this section
Account and project settings FAQ
Payment and billing details FAQ
SERankingBacklinksBot Crawler
Technical Requirements — SERankingPCFBot Crawler Page
AI Results Tracker FAQ
SE Ranking's API FAQ
Verifying SE Ranking Crawler FAQ
Affiliate program FAQ
Website Audit FAQ
Accuracy of rankings FAQ
See more
Users FAQ

Is it possible to share access to a project without creating a user?
What is a user seat?
How can I assign projects to sub-users?

Is it possible to share access to a project without creating a user?

You can give others view-only access to your project by sending them a guest link to it.
To give a visitor editing permission, create a user seat for them.

What is a User seat?

Introduced in Summer 2021, user seats define the number of dedicated user profiles that you can create for your clients or employees to access projects and tools within your SE Ranking account. Each of our Core, Growth, and Enterprise plans includes a limited number of user seats. Additional user seats can be purchased for $20/month per user.

Legacy plans: Essential, Pro, and Business plans also include a limited number of user seats under their original conditions. 

How can I assign projects to sub-users?

As an administrator, you can grant users access to particular projects and sections. You can specify the access rights under the “Users” section.

To quickly share a project with all Manager-type users in your account, select the “Manager account” option under Access to the project on the first step of project creation: 

Was this article helpful?
Yes No
0 out of 2 found this helpful
Have more questions? Submit a request
Return to top 
 Knowledge Base
© 2013 - 2026 SER Acquisition Inc. All Rights Reserved
    
seranking.com
