SOURCE: https://www.semrush.com/company/legal/refund-policy/
FETCHED: 2026-09-26T21:50:29.608Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
Skip to content

Your browser or operating system is out of date and Semrush might not be displayed correctly. Please update your browser or operating system.

Product
Pricing
Solutions
Resources
Enterprise
Log In
Start for free
Semrush Cancellation and Refund Policy for Online Subscription Purchases

Applicability: This policy only applies to online purchases of Semrush Services from Semrush.com via credit card.

If you have a signed agreement with Semrush, including a signed Order Form governed by the Semrush Terms of Service, the Semrush Enterprise Subscription Agreement, or the Semrush Master Subscription Agreement, this Refund Policy does not apply, and you should refer to the cancellation and refund terms negotiated in your respective agreement/governing terms.

Cancellation requests: If you sign up for Semrush Services on Semrush.com and find that it's not a perfect fit, you may cancel your subscription by logging in to your User Account and submitting a cancellation request via this form. Please note that you must be logged into your User Account in order for a cancellation request to be received and actioned; failure to do so, or failure to answer all questions in the cancellation request form, may result in the denial of your cancellation request.

You may cancel your subscription at any time. Cancellation will take effect at the end of your committed subscription term or, for unpaid trial or free subscriptions, within 3 business days of receipt of your request, in each case provided that the request was made in accordance with the requirements of this policy. We will confirm the cancellation of your subscription within 3 business days after receipt of your properly submitted cancellation request. Cancellations will not release you from binding payment obligations unless permitted by the Semrush Terms of Service.

If you begin a subscription with a free trial, your first payment will be charged automatically at the end of the trial period unless you cancel beforehand. If you wish to avoid being charged following a free trial, you must cancel in accordance with the cancellation process outlined above.

Refund requests: Subject to the terms outlined herein, Semrush offers a one-time, 7-day money-back guarantee, limited to (1) initial subscription purchases where the subscription term committed to is twelve months or greater in duration and (2) initial add-on purchases that are incremental to your existing subscription. Refunds under this policy are only available to customers who have purchased directly from Semrush.com using a credit card. For clarity, refunds are not available for month-to-month subscriptions. To be eligible for a refund, you must submit a written refund request within 7 calendar days of placing your initial annual subscription order or your initial additional license add-on order. For clarity, other than as outlined in this paragraph with respect to your initial online order, if you cancel a subscription during an existing subscription term, but do not request a refund according to the process outlined in this section, you are not entitled to a refund of prepaid or committed amounts during such subscription term, but you may cancel your subscription prior to the next renewal to avoid getting charged at renewal.

How to request a refund? If you are canceling a subscription through this form and wish to request a refund, you must explicitly state your refund request in the additional comment field when completing the form in order to be eligible for a refund. Refund requests can alternatively be submitted via this Contact Form, provided you include your Semrush account details.

In order to process a refund request using the Contact Form, we may ask you to provide the following information: a brief comment stating that you are requesting a refund and explaining why would you like to cancel your subscription, your billing information (name, transaction ID, last 4 digits of the credit card associated with the account, billing date, etc.), email address, login name, and other identity verification and/or authentication information. Failure to provide us with such requested information in a timely manner (i.e., within the 7 calendar day period following initial purchase) may result in a denial of your refund request.

If your refund request is properly submitted within the applicable 7-day period (following initial purchase), we will process a refund of your prepaid fees within 30 calendar days of receiving your written refund request and receipt of the reasonably requested information. The refund will be processed through the same method as the original payment. Any bank fees and charges that you incur through your own bank, credit card or other payment institution/method (e.g., fees for currency conversions) shall be borne solely by you. We reserve the right to deny refund requests in accordance with the Semrush Terms of Service.

Please note that if you do not submit your cancellation and/or refund request in accordance with the process outlined herein your request may be denied.

Last updated: August 20, 2025

GET STARTED WITH SEMRUSH TODAY

Try Semrush free for seven days. Cancel anytime.

Start free trial

Semrush

Semrush One
Features
Solutions
Pricing
Free Trial
Compare Semrush
Success Stories
Stats and Facts
Affiliate Program

More tools

Semrush MCP
Enterprise SEO
Enterprise AIO
Enterprise SI
Insights24
Mfour
App Center
Top Websites
Free Tools
Sensor

Company

About Us
Semrush Questions
News
Careers
Partners
Semrush Select
Global Issues Index
Do not sell my personal info
Contact Us

Support

Knowledge Base
Academy
Semrush API

Community

Semrush Blog
Webinars
Ambassador Program

© 2026 Semrush Holdings. All rights reserved.

Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Cookies Settings
English
