SOURCE: https://systeme.io/terms-and-conditions
FETCHED: 2026-09-26T21:49:46.470Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
Why systeme.io?
Features
Resources
Pricing
Sign in
Start for free now
En
⌄
Terms and conditions

Article 1: scope

These general conditions of sale apply to all transactions concluded through the websites of the ITACWT Limited network. Any person making an order via our secure payment platform, by check, or in cash is considered to be either a natural person or a legal person.

Article 1a: age limit

Age restrictions apply: ITACWT Limited only accepts clients over 16 years old (for physical and electronic products) and over 18 years old (for services: coaching, workshops, seminars). We do our best to restrict minors' access to our sites, products and services. Though our products and services are not of a shocking nature, we prefer to target a mature audience capable of understanding the implications and responsibilities of the business world. Anyone subscribed to the newsletter who does not meet these criteria (over 16 years old) will immediately be deleted from our database as soon as this fact is brought to our attention. Similarly, any customer who does not meet these criteria will immediately be reimbursed, and a return of the product(s) concerned will be required.

Article 2: order

Any order placed on a site belonging to ITACWT Limited implies full and unreserved acceptance of these general conditions of sale.

Article 3: price

The prices are indicated in dollars, excluding the shipping and processing of your order. The price of items can be changed at any time. However, the price applied to an order will be the one stated at the time of the order.

Please note that our subscription plans are not refundable.

Article 4: payment

Payment is due immediately on the date of the order, including for pre-order products. You can pay by credit card.We do accept American Express. Secure online payment by credit card is made through Stripe, Inc. The information transmitted is encrypted by state of the art software and cannot be read during transport over the network. Any guarantee as to the security of this system is entirely the responsibility of Stripe, Inc. and cannot be attributed to us.

Article 5: usage limits and automatic upgrades

Certain paid plans are subject to specific usage limits (including, but not limited to, the number of contacts, sales funnels, and courses).

If your account usage exceeds the limits of your current paid plan, we will notify you via email. You will be provided with a 3-day period to reduce your usage (e.g., by deleting contacts or funnels) to stay within your plan's limits.

If you do not reduce your usage within 3 days, your subscription will be automatically upgraded to the appropriate plan to ensure service continuity.

By continuing to use the Service with usage levels that exceed your current plan's limits, you explicitly consent to this automatic upgrade and agree to be billed the price of the new plan for the remainder of the subscription period.

Article 5a: revenue limit on the free plan

Accounts on the free plan are limited to USD 10,000 in lifetime sales revenue. Affiliate commissions are not included in this calculation.

If sales are made in a currency other than USD, their value is converted to USD. Changes in exchange rates may affect whether your account reaches the limit.

When you approach the limit, a notification will appear on your dashboard. Once the limit is reached, you will receive an email and be given 3 days to upgrade to a paid plan. If you do not upgrade within this period, your payment pages will stop accepting new sales.

To resume selling, you will need to subscribe to a paid plan. Your account will not be automatically upgraded or charged.

Article 6: protection of personal data

In accordance with the Data Protection Act of 6 January 1978, you have the right to access and rectify personal data concerning you. We notify the National Commission for Data Protection of all our files. By adhering to these general conditions of sale, you acknowledge having read our personal data protection policy and consent to our collection and use of this data. By entering your email address on one of the sites in our network, you will receive emails containing information and/or promotional offers concerning products published by ITACWT Limited or by our partners. You can unsubscribe at any time. You just have to click on the link at the end of any of our emails. This link is preceded by the words “To unsubscribe or change subscriber options, visit:” (meaning: to unsubscribe or change your subscriber options, click below).

Our newsletter is registered with the CNIL under registration number 1459376 and complies with the Data Protection Act.

Article 7: applicable law

All the clauses appearing in these general conditions of sale, as well as all the purchase and sale transactions referred to therein, shall be governed by Irish law.

Article 8: Fair usage policy

As part of our commitment to providing a high-quality service, ITACWT Limited has a Fair Use Policy (also referred to as the FUP) for its software as a service (SaaS) product, namely: systeme.io

The FUP contains guidelines for customers’ use of systeme.io to ensure that each customer has a consistently high-quality experience.

In an urgent or extreme case, if your use of our services continuously impacts other users negatively, or is generating costs to us that are not normal compared to other customers and make our service to you unprofitable to maintain, we may block your access to our services. Before we do this, or in urgent situations immediately after doing so, we'll always contact you to discuss possible solutions.

If you’d like to move your business to systeme.io and you’re unsure whether you’d be flagged for breaking our FUP, you can contact our customer support team so we can assess your situation and address your concerns.

Article 9: information on ITACWT Limited

ITACWT Limited is a company incorporated under Irish law, the address of which is:

ITACWT Limited

2 Cruise Park Rise

Tyrrelstown

Dublin 15

Ireland

Article 10: SMS communications and consent

Our product may allow you to collect phone numbers and send communications (including SMS) to your contacts through features or third-party services you enable on the platform (including by importing contacts, adding them manually, or collecting them through opt-in forms).

If you use these features or services, you are solely responsible for (i) determining whether and how to present any SMS opt-in mechanism(s), (ii) obtaining, documenting, and maintaining all required consents from recipients (including for contacts you import or add manually), (iii) honoring opt-out requests and maintaining suppression lists, and (iv) complying with all applicable laws, regulations, and industry guidelines (including any carrier or messaging requirements).

You must ensure that SMS communications are sent only to recipients who have provided valid consent where required by applicable law.

Article 11: prohibited content

ITACWT Limited strictly prohibits any content related to pornography, gambling, illegal products, violence, exploitation, or activities promoting illegal acts or fraud. Users found engaging in such activities will be banned, and their access to services will be revoked without notice.

Features

Sales funnels

Email marketing

Website builder

Affiliate management

Marketing automation

Online courses builder

Community builder

Booking calendar

Sub-accounts

Physical products

SMS marketing

Pipelines

Webinars

Creator stores

White label

Suggest a feature

Resources

Blog

Free tools

Systeme.io logo files

Systeme.io alternatives

Template library

Public API

Help center

Info

Pricing

Testimonials

Free migration

Become an affiliate

Receive your award

Free DNS setup

Get certified

Legal

Privacy policy

Terms and conditions

Affiliate agreement

© systeme.io. All rights reserved
