SOURCE: https://docs.n8n.io/deploy/host-n8n
FETCHED: 2026-10-06T10:17:10.998Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
n8n Docs
Ctrl
K
Forum
Changelog
Get started
Deploy
Build
Nodes
Connect
Administer
Contribute
Deploy
Use n8n Cloud
Host n8n
Install options
Configure n8n
Keep n8n running
Understand the architecture
Deploy as an OEM integration
Deploy with the AI starter kit
Compare editions
ON THIS PAGE
In this section
Choose your installation method
Related resources

Was this helpful?

For the complete documentation index, see llms.txt. This page is also available as Markdown.
Copy
Deploy
Host n8n

You can self-host n8n on your own infrastructure, on-premises, or in a private cloud, using Docker Compose, one-line setup, or other deployment methods. Not sure if self-hosting is right for you? See Choose how to use n8n.

Don't want to read the docs? Run this:

Copy
curl -fsSL https://get.n8n.io | sh

Requires Docker on Linux or macOS (or WSL on Windows). Sets up n8n locally in one step. See the one-line setup guide for what it does, or keep reading to compare every installation method.

All self-hosted installations use the same core product. Without a license key, n8n runs as the free Community edition. Adding a Business or Enterprise license key enables those editions. See Compare editions for the differences between the self-hosted editions.

In this section

Install options: set up n8n with Docker, npm, Docker Compose, or a cloud provider.

Configure n8n: manage databases, environment variables, users, licenses, and security settings.

Keep n8n running: monitor, log, trace, and update your instance.

Understand the architecture: learn how n8n works and how it structures its database.

Deploy as an OEM integration: embed n8n's interface inside your own product's UI.

Deploy with the AI starter kit: use n8n's curated self-hosted AI Starter Kit.

Compare editions: compare the self-hosted Community, Business, and Enterprise editions.

Choose your installation method

Select the installation method that best fits your technical requirements and infrastructure:

One-line setup

Best for: Quick setup with minimal configuration.

Requirements: Linux or macOS system with curl installed.

Automated installation script that handles all dependencies and configuration for you.

One-line setup guide

Docker Compose

Best for: Production deployments with databases and additional services.

Requirements: Docker and Docker Compose installed on your system.

Multi-container setup ideal for robust deployments with persistent data and scalability.

Docker Compose guide

AWS

Deploy on Amazon Web Services using EC2, ECS, or other AWS services.

AWS setup guide

Azure

Host n8n on Microsoft Azure with container instances or virtual machines.

Azure setup guide

Google Cloud

Run n8n on Google Cloud using Cloud Run or Kubernetes Engine.

Google Cloud Run | Kubernetes Engine

DigitalOcean

Simple droplet-based hosting ideal for small to medium deployments.

DigitalOcean setup guide

Hetzner

Cost-effective European hosting option with excellent performance.

Hetzner setup guide

Heroku

Platform-as-a-service option for quick deployment with minimal configuration.

Heroku setup guide

OpenShift

Enterprise Kubernetes platform for containerized applications.

OpenShift setup guide

npm

Best for: Local development or testing.

Requirements: Node.js installed on your system.

npm installation is deprecated from n8n 3.0. Consider using Docker Compose or one-line setup instead.

Installs n8n directly using Node Package Manager. Quick to set up but requires managing Node.js versions and dependencies yourself.

npm installation guide

Related resources

Deploy

Use n8n Cloud

Previous
Download workflows
Next
Install options

Last updated 13 days ago

Company
n8n.io
Careers
Blog
Resources
Templates
Academy
Changelog
Legal and privacy
Security
Privacy
n8n community license
Sustainable use license

© 2026 n8n | All rights reserved

This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise content, ads and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. Read more
ESSENTIAL
FUNCTIONAL
MARKETING
 SHOW DETAILS
ACCEPT ALL
DECLINE ALL
COOKIE DECLARATION
ABOUT COOKIES
Essential
Functional
Marketing
Essential cookies allow core website functionality such as user login, account management, and consent preferences. The website cannot be used properly without these strictly necessary cookies.
Name	Provider / Domain	Expiration	Description
__sec__ghost	n8n.io	9 months 4 weeks	Used by the consent management platform (Cookie-Script) to detect automated or suspicious browsing activity.
__sec__cid	n8n.io	1 day	Used by the consent management platform (Cookie-Script) for short-term visitor verification.
__sec__token	n8n.io	1 day	Used by the consent management platform (Cookie-Script) to validate the authenticity of consent interactions.
_shopify_essential	
Shopify
merch.n8n.io	11 months 4 weeks	This cookie is essential for the secure checkout and payment function on the merch store and is provided by Shopify.
CookieScriptConsent	
CookieScript
.n8n.io	11 months 4 weeks	This cookie is used by Cookie-Script.com service to remember visitor cookie consent preferences. It is necessary for Cookie-Script.com cookie banner to work properly.
__sec_tid	n8n.io	9 months 3 weeks	Used by the consent management platform (Cookie-Script) to track the consent session and ensure banner integrity.
__sec_crid	n8n.io	9 months 4 weeks	Used by the consent management platform (Cookie-Script) to verify returning visitors and prevent abuse.
__sec__fid	n8n.io	9 months 3 weeks	Used by the consent management platform (Cookie-Script) for anti-fraud protection and bot detection.
localization	
Shopify
merch.n8n.io	11 months 4 weeks	Used by Shopify to store the user's locale/language preference for the merch store.
csrftoken	learn.n8n.io	1 year	Strictly necessary security cookie for the n8n learning portal (Open edX LMS). Protects against Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) by verifying that form submissions and API requests (enrolments, assessments, data exports) originate from the legitimate user session.
sessionid	learn.n8n.io	2 weeks	Strictly necessary authentication cookie for the n8n learning portal (Open edX LMS). Identifies the logged-in user session; without it the user is signed out and cannot access courses or submit work.
edx-jwt-cookie-header-payload	learn.n8n.io	2 weeks	Strictly necessary authentication cookie for the n8n learning portal (Open edX). Contains the header+payload of the JWT used to authenticate the user across Open edX micro-frontends and backend services (enrolments, grades, discussions).
edx-jwt-cookie-signature	learn.n8n.io	2 weeks	Strictly necessary security cookie for the n8n learning portal (Open edX). Holds the cryptographic signature half of the JWT (kept separate and HttpOnly) that validates token integrity; required alongside the header-payload cookie to stay authenticated across MFEs.
openedx-language-preference	learn.n8n.io	1 year	Strictly necessary functionality cookie for the n8n learning portal (Open edX). Stores the selected interface language so the LMS and MFEs render in the correct locale; without it MFEs fail to initialise i18n and page loads break.
_shop_app_essential	.shop.app	1 year	Set by Shop Pay (Shopify’s accelerated checkout) and only relevant to the n8n merch store (merch.n8n.io). Essential for the Shop Pay checkout experience to function. It is a third-party cookie on the .shop.app domain and is not used anywhere else on n8n.io.
Functional cookies help us understand how visitors use our website and improve your experience. This includes analytics, performance measurement, and remembering your preferences.
Name	Provider / Domain	Expiration	Description
_gid	
Google LLC
.n8n.io	1 day	This cookie is set by Google Analytics. It stores and update a unique value for each page visited and is used to count and track pageviews.
_shopify_y	
Shopify Inc.
.n8n.io	1 year 6 hours	Analytics for Shopify in our merch store
Provider address: 151 O'Connor Street, Ground floor, Ottawa, ON, K2P 2L8, Canada

originalClientId	.n8n.io	4 weeks 2 days	Stores the visitor's initial analytics identifier from their first visit, used to connect browsing sessions for website analytics.
_ga_0SC4FF2FH9	
Google LLC
.n8n.io	1 year 1 month	This cookie is used by Google Analytics to persist session state.
_shopify_s	
Shopify Inc.
.n8n.io	30 minutes	Analytics for Shopify in our merch store
_shopify_analytics	merch.n8n.io	11 months 4 weeks	Analytics for Shopify in our merch store
_ga	
Google LLC
.n8n.io	1 year 1 month	This cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics - which is a significant update to Google's more commonly used analytics service. This cookie is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier. It is included in each page request in a site and used to calculate visitor, session and campaign data for the sites analytics reports.
n8n_tracking_id	.n8n.io	1 year 1 month	A unique identifier generated by n8n to understand how visitors navigate across our web properties. Used for website analytics.
Marketing cookies are used to deliver relevant advertisements and measure the effectiveness of our campaigns. They may also be used by third-party advertising and social media platforms.
Name	Provider / Domain	Expiration	Description
rl_group_id	.n8n.io	11 months 4 weeks	Associates the visitor with an organization for usage analytics on the subscription management page.
rl_group_trait	.n8n.io	11 months 4 weeks	Stores organization-level attributes for usage analytics on the subscription management page.
YSC	
Google LLC
.youtube.com	Session	Set by YouTube on pages with embedded videos. Registers a unique session ID to collect statistics on video playback.
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE	
Google LLC
.youtube.com	5 months 4 weeks	Set by YouTube on pages with embedded videos. Used to estimate bandwidth and display settings for the video player.
rl_trait	.n8n.io	11 months 4 weeks	Stores visitor attributes for usage analytics on the subscription management page.
rl_page_init_referring_domain	.n8n.io	11 months 4 weeks	Records the referral domain when visiting the subscription management page, used for analytics.
__Secure-YNID	.youtube.com	5 months 4 weeks	Set by YouTube on pages with embedded videos. Stores video player preferences and playback settings.
lidc	
LinkedIn Corporation
.linkedin.com	1 day	LinkedIn data center routing
bcookie	
LinkedIn Corporation
.linkedin.com	11 months 4 weeks	LinkedIn browser identification
rl_session	.n8n.io	11 months 4 weeks	Manages the analytics session for tracking usage on the subscription management page.
IDE	
Google LLC
.doubleclick.net	1 year 1 month	Google Ads targeting
_gcl_au	
Google LLC
.n8n.io	2 months 4 weeks	Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services
rl_user_id	.n8n.io	11 months 4 weeks	Stores the identified user ID for usage analytics on the subscription management page.
rl_page_init_referrer	.n8n.io	11 months 4 weeks	Records the referral URL when visiting the subscription management page, used for analytics.
li_gc	
LinkedIn Corporation
.linkedin.com	5 months 4 weeks	LinkedIn guest consent state
rl_anonymous_id	.n8n.io	11 months 4 weeks	Assigns an anonymous identifier to track usage analytics on the subscription management page (plans.n8n.io).
_fbp	
Meta Platform Inc.
.n8n.io	2 months 4 weeks	Used by Meta to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers
__Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN	
Google LLC
.youtube.com	5 months 4 weeks	Set by YouTube on pages with embedded videos. Used internally by YouTube to manage feature rollouts for the video player.
test_cookie	
Google LLC
.doubleclick.net	15 minutes	This cookie is set by DoubleClick (which is owned by Google) to determine if the website visitor's browser supports cookies.
_shopify_marketing	merch.n8n.io	1 year	Set by Shopify and only relevant to the n8n merch store (merch.n8n.io). Used for marketing attribution — recording how a visitor arrived at the store so marketing performance can be measured. It is not set or read anywhere else on n8n.io. Set server-side (HttpOnly) by Shopify; gating is governed by the merch store’s own Shopify consent settings.
signals-sdk-user-id	.n8n.io	1 year	Set by Common Room (Common Room, Inc.) to recognise a returning visitor and correlate their activity across visits, so n8n can identify the company a visitor belongs to and understand engagement across the funnel. Contains a randomly generated identifier, not your name or email address. Set only after you consent to marketing cookies.
signals-sdk-session-id	.n8n.io	30 minutes	Set by Common Room (Common Room, Inc.) to group a visitor’s page views into a single browsing session. Contains a randomly generated identifier and expires after 30 minutes of inactivity. Set only after you consent to marketing cookies.
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. Websites use cookies to help users navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. Cookies that are required for the website to operate properly are allowed to be set without your permission. All other cookies need to be approved before they can be set in the browser.

You can change your consent to cookie usage at any time on our Privacy Policy page.
We also use cookies to collect data for the purpose of personalizing and measuring the effectiveness of our advertising. For more details, visit the Google Privacy Policy.
Cookie report created by CookieScript
