SOURCE: https://www.shopify.com/plus/pricing
FETCHED: 2026-09-26T21:49:31.980Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
Skip to Content
Sell
Manage
Integrate
Migrate
Platform
Get in touch
Start for free
SHOPIFY PLUS PRICING

Unbeatable value for high-growth businesses

Drive your online, retail, and B2B growth with Shopify’s most powerful conversion tools. That means more revenue for you to put into your business, on your terms.
Start for free
Get in touch
TERM OPTIONS
Invest in your growth with competitive rates
Exclusive features, advanced conversion tools, and the lowest transaction fees* on Shopify—it’s all part of your plan.

*Transaction fees and credit card rates vary by region.

1-year term

3-year term

Starting at $2,500

$2,300

USD/month

or a variable platform fee for more complex business structures

EXCLUSIVE SHOPIFY FEATURES

Unlock sales across online, retail, and B2B with built-in tools

B2B on Shopify
Run your wholesale and direct-to-consumer business from one place with built-in B2B tools.
Headless commerce
Build any DTC or B2B commerce experience you can imagine, using the tech you love and Shopify APIs.
Shopify POS Pro
Sell without limits through the point-of-sale platform made for seamless multi-store selling.
Checkout customizations
Personalize the world’s highest performing checkout, including Shop Pay and payment pages.
Shopify Audiences
Cut customer acquisition costs by 50% on top ad platforms with insights available only on Shopify.
ShopifyQL Notebooks
Visualize and analyze your commerce data better with an intelligent query language.
Shopify Functions
Stand out with unique commerce experiences through your own app or extending the back-end logic.
Managed Markets
Simplify cross-border sales and scale internationally with a suite of powerful localization features.
COST-EFFECTIVE PERFORMANCE

Lower total costs with a commerce-first system

Why spend resources on making generic software work for commerce? Make smarter investments with a platform built for innovation, so you get the most out of your development team and campaign dollars.
Connect everything in one commerce operating system
Customize the world’s highest performing platform
Unlock new revenue streams without the overhead
Put your resources where you’ll get the most return
100% FOCUSED ON COMMERCE

Trusted by millions of global brands and partners

Build your next big idea on the most scaled platform on the planet. Backed by our ongoing investment in R&D to help you future-proof your brand.
Non-stop innovation
Over 100 product updates every 6 months since 2020 with no slowdown in sight
Load-tested checkout
10K+ checkouts per minute with unlimited bandwidth, transactions, and SKUs
99.99% uptime
On average across Shopify worldwide during the biggest sales events of the year
4.5K engineers
Building the infrastructure and commerce features you need, before you need them
SPECIALIZED IN GROWTH

Customize even more with exclusive partners and services

Shopify Partners and apps
Innovate, migrate, and grow faster with a rich partner ecosystem of industry experts, and an engaged community of actively maintained third-party apps.
Premier systems integrators
Connect with industry-best system integrators like IBM, Accenture, EY, Cognizant, Deloitte, KPMG, and WPP to help you build, deploy, or migrate.
Professional services
Get hands-on design and development services to accelerate the most complex builds, including data migration and launch support.
Community resources
Get ongoing 24/7 priority support, with self-directed online resources like Shopify Plus Academy and Shopify Community forums.
Popular questions about Shopify Plus pricing
How does Shopify Plus help you sell more, grow faster, and scale your business?
How much does it cost to migrate to Shopify Plus?
How does the variable fee work?

The Shopify Plus plan starts at $2,300 USD a month for standard setups and integrations on a 3-year term, or $2,500 USD per month for a 1-year term.

More complex, higher volume businesses switch to a variable platform fee based on their revenue and business model. Get in touch with sales for more details.

What are your card rates with Shopify Payments?

Card rates vary by country. Get in touch with sales for the most up-to-date rates for your location.

What are your transaction fees?

If you use Shopify Payments as your primary payment gateway: You pay Shopify all online and in-person card fees, with the lowest rates of any plan. Card rates* vary per country. Third-party transaction fees are waived globally.

If you use a third-party processor as your primary payment gateway: You pay your processor fees, plus 0.20% per transaction to Shopify for security and compliance costs.

*Get in touch with sales for the most up-to-date rates for your location.

What other costs are there?

None, but if you need custom development you should factor a Shopify Plus Partners into your budget. Other optional costs are one-time theme purchases and any third-party apps you need.

How many online stores can I have?
Do I still need to use apps with Shopify Plus?
Your best plan for innovation, conversion, and growth
Start for free
Get in touch
Shopify
What is Shopify?
Shopify Editions
Careers
Investors
Newsroom
Sustainability
Ecosystem
Developer Docs
Theme Store
App Store
Partners
Affiliates
Resources
Blog
Compare Shopify
Guides
Courses
Free Tools
Changelog
Support
Shopify Help Center
Community Forum
Hire a Partner
Service Status
USA | English
Terms of Service
Legal
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Your Privacy Choices
