SOURCE: https://support.squarespace.com/hc/en-us/articles/206536797-Choosing-the-right-Squarespace-plan
FETCHED: 2026-09-26T22:12:34.414Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
SKIP TO CHAT
SQUARESPACE
Help Center
VIDEOS
WEBINARS
FORUM
CONTACT US
LOG IN
SEARCH
SQUARESPACE HELP CENTER
GETTING STARTED
SIGNING UP
Choosing the right Squarespace plan
Select a website plan that includes the features you need for your business or project.

Last updated September 17, 2026

English

Choosing the right website plan ensures you have the features you need for your site. You can invoice clients, and sell products, content, and memberships on any plan. As you upgrade, your fees will decrease and you'll receive more features such as in depth commerce analytics and form integrations.

You can also purchase domains through Squarespace, reserving your site with a domain parking page. 

Watch a video
Before you begin
We sometimes change our plans to best group features for our customers. The plans on this page reflect our current options. To learn more about older plans, visit Legacy billing plans.
Billing plans apply to individual sites only. If you have more than one Squarespace site, you’ll pay for each one separately, and each will have its own billing plan.
The following are separate Squarespace services and require their own subscriptions: Acuity Scheduling, Bio Sites, Domains, Email Campaigns, Google Workspace, and Unfold. 
Pricing and billing
For our current pricing on any of these plans and a full comparison chart, visit our pricing page. What appears on the pricing page and the plan selection screen are the plans you currently have access to.
For a full listing of our fees for sales, visit Transaction fees and payment processing rates. 
Domain pricing varies by TLD.
All website plans are available in annual or monthly billing cycles. On an annual billing cycle, the average monthly cost is lower, and you can register a free custom domain for a year.
After the initial registration period ends, domain subscriptions renew annually.
Why your price changed

We periodically adjust our plans and pricing as we continue to improve our service. If you got an email about a price increase for your website plan, you’ll pay the updated price on your next scheduled renewal date. You won’t be charged on the “effective date” listed in the email.

Next steps you can take:

Check your renewal date (when you’ll actually be charged).
Compare current plans
Change your plan
Review past invoices
Basic, Core, Plus, and Advanced plans

‌With all of our plans, you can use our drag-and-drop editing system to lay out your content, add pages to navigation menus, upload galleries of images or videos, and more. You can also monetize your site by selling unlimited products, sending invoices and proposals, and selling courses and memberships. 

Review the tabs below for a more in depth look at each plan’s key features. For a full list of features visit our pricing page:

BASIC
CORE
PLUS
ADVANCED

The Basic plan is well-suited to smaller sites with one or two contributors. If you're an individual or small group looking to run a small online shop, invoice customers for custom services, hide your content behind a paywall, display work, write a blog, or establish a basic web presence, the Basic plan should meet your needs.

Key features include:

2% commerce transaction fee
2.9% + $0.30 Squarespace Payments fee on domestic cards (View a full breakdown of fees)
7% Digital Product fee
30 minutes of video storage
24/7 customer support
A mobile-optimized website with up to 1000 pages
Free custom domain for one year
Selling unlimited products
Selling content and memberships
Selling subscription products
Abandoned checkout recovery
Local and regional shipping
Customer reviews
Squarespace point of sale
Sync your products with Facebook and Instagram
Donation blocks
Sending invoices
Customer accounts
Limited availability labels
Collecting payments with Squarespace Payments
Project management tools
SSL security
Two contributors
Website analytics (panels vary by plan)
Product importing from other ecommerce platforms or a .csv file

For more substantial sites, choose the Core plan to invite unlimited contributors and use premium features like custom code, and built-in integrations with third-party services. If you need extensive content or a team of editors or admins, the Core plan is an affordable way to create and manage a site.

Includes all features in the Basic plan, plus:

No commerce transaction fee
2.9% + $0.30Squarespace Payments fee on domestic cards (View a full breakdown of fees)
5% Digital Product fee
5 hours of video storage
One free user/inbox for the first year on the Google Workspace Business Starter plan
Announcement and mobile information bars
Commerce analytics (panels vary by plan)
Third-party commerce integrations
Purchase funnel analytics
Custom code, including the code block and code injection
Mailchimp integration
Google shopping
Shipping labels
Automatic discounts
Carrier calculated shipping
Product waitlists
Promotional pop-ups
Use Meta Pixel and Facebook's dynamic ads to promote products
Unlimited contributors
ChowNow integration
Code block - JavaScript and iframe code.
Code injection - site-wide and per-page
Developer Platform (version 7.0 only)
Facebook Pixel
Zapier integration

The Plus plan includes all features in the Basic and Core plans, plus a decrease in fees and an increase in video storage:

No commerce transaction fee
2.7% + $0.30 Squarespace Payments fee on domestic cards (View a full breakdown of fees)
1% Digital Product fee
50 hours of video storage

For larger e-commerce stores that process many orders, the Advanced plan is a good option due to low transaction fees. It includes all features in the Basic, Core, and Plus plans, plus:

No commerce transaction fee
Connect your own carrier for carrier-calculated shipping
2.5% + $0.30 Squarespace Payments fee on domestic cards (View a full breakdown of fees)
No Digital Product fee
Unlimited video storage
Squarespace domains (domain only)

You can purchase a Squarespace domain to reserve a URL without building a full site. The domain will redirect to a parking page, a standard minimalist design with your domain in the center and a Squarespace logo in the top corner.

This option is ideal if you’re not ready to create a website but want to claim a space on the web. After you have a domain, you can add a custom email address through Google Workspace, purchase more domains, or switch to a trial to begin building your site.

Mobile Start plan

If you have a trial site and you're using the iOS Squarespace app, you can upgrade to a Mobile Start plan using in-app purchase. This is a great way to get started with the paid version of Squarespace without committing to a plan with recurring payments.

Upgrade to paid service

After starting a trial at squarespace.com, you can select a plan whenever you're ready to upgrade to paid service.

To upgrade your trial to a paid website plan, visit Upgrading to paid service.
To upgrade your trial to a Mobile Start plan, visit Upgrading to a Mobile Start plan.
After upgrading to paid service, you can change your billing plan anytime.
IN THIS GUIDE
Watch a video
Before you begin
Pricing and billing
Why your price changed
Basic, Core, Plus, and Advanced plans
Squarespace domains (domain only)
Mobile Start plan
Upgrade to paid service
People also viewed

Digital Products plan pricing, billing, and invoices

Connect a payment processor

Email Campaigns pricing, billing, and invoices

Get help from our community

Get help from our community on advanced customizations.

SEARCH IN THE FORUMS
→
→
Hire a Squarespace Expert

Stand out online with the help of an experienced designer or developer.

GET MATCHED
→
→
ENGLISH
SUPPORT
CONTACT US
SERVICE STATUS
@SQUARESPACEHELP
SQUARESPACE 5
COMMUNITY
FORUM
HIRE A DESIGNER
WEBINARS
BLOG
DEVELOPERS
API DOCS
CIRCLE
DEVELOPER PLATFORM
ENTERPRISE
RESOURCES
WEBSITE TEMPLATES
WEBSITE DESIGN
DOMAIN NAME SEARCH
ONLINE STORES
WEBSITE MARKETING
TERMS OF SERVICE
PRIVACY POLICY
 YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES

Help us improve

Are these responses helpful?

👍
👎
