SOURCE: https://support.squarespace.com/hc/en-us/articles/212743478-Legacy-website-billing-plans
FETCHED: 2026-09-26T22:53:52.071Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
SKIP TO CHAT
SQUARESPACE
Help Center
VIDEOS
WEBINARS
FORUM
CONTACT US
LOG IN
SEARCH
SQUARESPACE HELP CENTER
BILLING
WEBSITE BILLING
Legacy website billing plans
Determine what legacy billing plan you're on, and what happens if you leave a Legacy plan.

Last updated July 29, 2026

English

We update our plans periodically to support the significant improvements we continue to make to the Squarespace platform. While we adjust our plans, many customers remain on the plans they signed up for.

For our current pricing and plans, visit our Pricing page. If you're using Squarespace 5, visit Squarespace 5 billing plans.

What plan am I on?

Review your current subscriptions in your site's Billing panel. To learn more, visit Checking your billing subscriptions.

Why your price changed

We periodically adjust our plans and pricing as we continue to improve our service. If you got an email about a price increase for your website plan, you’ll pay the updated price on your next scheduled renewal date. You won’t be charged on the “effective date” listed in the email.

Next steps you can take:

Check your renewal date (when you’ll actually be charged)
Compare current plans
Change your plan
Review past invoices
What happens when I change my billing plan?

If you change your billing plan, or reactivate an expired legacy site, you’ll leave your legacy plan and move to a current pricing and plan. It's not possible to return to a legacy plan after you switch to a current plan, cancel a service, or cancel changes to a subscription from a Legacy plan.

If you move from a legacy plan to a comparable current billing plan, you'll gain access to more features we've added to our current plans. 

Note

If you’re on a Legacy plan that’s scheduled for a price increase, you won’t be able to cancel changes to your subscription.

Legacy Website plans and their features

There are several legacy website plans, including Personal, Business, and Commerce plans. You can no longer sign up for these plans. If you received an email about your subscription price changing, the site listed in that email is on a legacy website plan.

Personal, Business, and Commerce plans

As of February 2026, you can no longer sign up for Personal, Business, and Commerce plans. You can find plan details and features for these plans below:

PERSONAL
BUSINESS
COMMERCE BASIC
COMMERCE ADVANCED
24/7 customer support
A mobile-optimized website with up to 1000 pages
Create and manage Pay Links
Collecting payments with Squarespace Payments
Free custom domain for one year
Sending invoices
Project management tools
Selling content and memberships
SSL security
Tap to Pay on iPhone and Android
Two contributors
Website analytics (panels vary by plan)

Includes all features in the Personal plan, plus:

One free user/inbox for the first year on the Google Workspace Business Starter plan
Announcement and mobile information bars
Commerce analytics (panels vary by plan)
ChowNow Integration
Custom code, including the code block, code injection, and the Developer Platform
Donation Blocks
Fully integrated commerce (3% transaction fee)
Mailchimp integration in form and newsletter blocks
Meta Pixel integration
Menu Blocks
Mobile information bar
OpenTable Blocks
Promotional pop-ups
Sending proposals, estimates, and contracts
Unlimited contributors
Zapier integration

Includes all features in the Personal and Business plans, plus:

Accepting payments with a Square reader
Additional commerce analytics (panels vary by plan)
Customer accounts
Limited availability labels
Local and regional shipping
No Squarespace Commerce transaction fees
Product importing from other ecommerce platforms or a .csv file
Customer reviews

Includes all features in the Personal, Business, and Commerce Basic plans, plus:

Abandoned checkout recovery
Automatic discounts
Connect your own carrier account for carrier-calculated shipping
Inventory, Orders, and Transactions API
Subscription products

If you’re currently on a Personal, Business, or Commerce plan, we'll continue to provide support as long as your subscription remains active. It's not possible to return to the plan if your site expires or if you cancel your site subscription.

Cover page plan

As of November 2016, you can no longer sign up for cover page subscriptions.

If you’re currently on the cover page-only plan:

You can continue with your subscription, but you can't convert it to a website subscription.
It's not possible to return to the plan if your site expires.

To start a new website, you can cancel your subscription then start a new Squarespace trial.

Squarespace Select

As of November 2021, you can no longer sign up for the Squarespace Select plan. If you're currently on a Squarespace Select plan, we'll continue to provide support as long as your subscription remains active.

Why is my plan less expensive than the current plans?

While we periodically adjust our pricing, many customers remain on older plans that are less expensive than new subscriptions, even after price adjustments we may make. You’re welcome to stay on your current plan as long as your plan remains active. Note that it’s not possible to switch from a current plan to a legacy plan.

IN THIS GUIDE
What plan am I on?
Why your price changed
What happens when I change my billing plan?
Legacy Website plans and their features
Personal, Business, and Commerce plans
Cover page plan
Squarespace Select
Why is my plan less expensive than the current plans?
People also viewed

Choosing the right Squarespace plan

Change your site’s billing plan and cycle

Invite a contributor

Get help from our community

Get help from our community on advanced customizations.

SEARCH IN THE FORUMS
→
→
Hire a Squarespace Expert

Stand out online with the help of an experienced designer or developer.

GET MATCHED
→
→
ENGLISH
SUPPORT
CONTACT US
SERVICE STATUS
@SQUARESPACEHELP
SQUARESPACE 5
COMMUNITY
FORUM
HIRE A DESIGNER
WEBINARS
BLOG
DEVELOPERS
API DOCS
CIRCLE
DEVELOPER PLATFORM
ENTERPRISE
RESOURCES
WEBSITE TEMPLATES
WEBSITE DESIGN
DOMAIN NAME SEARCH
ONLINE STORES
WEBSITE MARKETING
TERMS OF SERVICE
PRIVACY POLICY
 YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES

Help us improve

Are these responses helpful?

👍
👎
