SOURCE: https://www.goodcall.com/pricing
FETCHED: 2026-10-06T10:18:50.348Z
RENDERER: headless Chromium, en-US, US timezone
----
How it Works
Enterprise
Pricing
Login
Sign up
Pricing
An affordable solution that scales with you
Flexible pricing built for businesses of all sizes. Start small and scale as your operations grow.
Monthly
Annual
15% OFF
Starter
$66
$79

monthly
per agent
Try now

Unlimited minutes and tokens

1 logic flow

1 logic flow

3 team members

3 directory contacts

7 days of call & customer details

100 unique customers monthly

*$0.50/customer after 100
Growth

Most popular
$108

129

monthly
per agent
Try now

Unlimited minutes and tokens

3 forms

3 logic flows

9 team members

25 directory contacts

30 days of call & customer details

250 unique customers monthly

*$0.50/customer after 250
Scale
$208
$249

monthly
per agent
Try now

Unlimited minutes and tokens

25 logic flow

25 logic flow

50 team members

500 directory contacts

Unlimited call & customer details

500 unique customers monthly

*$0.50/customer after 500
For Enterprise

Custom solutions tailored to your specific needs. Get dedicated support, advanced security, and limitless scalability.

Contact sales

Custom minutes and tokens

Custom forms & logic flows

Custom team members

Dedicated account manager

Custom API integrations

SLA & priority support

Enterprise-grade security

Custom onboarding

Everything you need to automate your business call.
Unlimited AI Conversations

Handle calls without worrying about minutes or token limits.

Flexible Workflow Automation

Design logic flows and forms tailored to your business.

Built to Scale

Upgrade as your team, customers, and operations grow.

FAQ

Frequently
asked questions
What is a "unique customer"?

A "unique customer" means any caller with a unique phone number that calls and interacts (i.e actually says something to agent and does not quickly hang up) with your Goodcall agent in any given month. This has a couple advantages on your side compared to by-the-minute/by-the-token pricing models. Firstly, your costs stay down, as a single client who calls 10+ times in a month would only count as 1 "unique customer" (so long as they aways call from the same phone number). Secondly, your costs are far more predictable. If a caller spends a very long time speaking to your agent, you won't occur any additional charges or fees. Every subscription tier has a generous allowance of unique monthly customers, and a modest fee for any overages. Robo calls, numbers you block, or callers who never say anything to your agent will never count towards your allowance.   

Are there any charges for number of calls, minutes, or AI tokens?

We DO NOT charge any fees for number of calls call minutes, or tokens consumed by your AI in the course of conversing with your customer. We believe that raw call volume or minutes spent on the line are extremely limited indicators of the actual value provided to you by your agent, can create misaligned incentives (our job is to help your customers get answers quickly and efficiently, not milk you for "call minutes") and can lead to a high degree of variability in your total costs. Instead, we believe that "unique customers" served is a usage-based metric that more closely aligns with the value your agent brings to your business.

Can I use my current number?

All Goodcall agents are assigned a unique Goodcall number out of the box. This number is what enables your Goodcall agent to speak to real customers, and all the skills you set up to actually trigger in real world conversations. You can choose the area code for this number, so many businesses find success by simply replacing their old number with their new number on their website, Google Maps listings and other third-party sources. However, if your number is an important part of your brand, you can easily set up conditional call fowarding with your current phone provider. Conditional call forwarding allows customers to call your existing phone number, and will automatically forward that call to your Goodcall number when you don't answer, or if the line is busy. Be sure to use "conditional call forwarding" for best results. Here's an article where you can learn more. Our team is also happy to help you set this up.  

What are "form" and "logic" flows?

Your agent's behaviors are controlled in 2 areas of the products. Skills allow you to configure your agent to respond anything your caller might ask. "Flows" are where you can dive into more complex workflows, including "forms" which you can use to collect information about the caller to capture and qualify them as a lead, and "logic" where you can determine how the agent should handle a caller based on their answer to a yes/no or multiple choice question, or based on whether they are a brand new lead or return caller. Linking skills and flows together is the key to creating extremely powerful workflows inside of Goodcall.

What is the difference between a "team member" and a "directory contact?"

Team members are able to actually go inside of your Goodcall dashboard and look at agent performance or make changes to your agent (if they have permission to do so).

Directory contacts can't log into the dashboard or make changes to your agent, but they can have calls transferred to their lines and will be notified  if a caller leaves a message that needs their attention or goes through a flow related to their area of responsibility.

Does Goodcall work with Google Voice?

Goodcal integrates seamlessly with Google Voice. All you need to do is verify your number, and your agent will be ready to answer calls that go to an existing Google voice number. Here's an article where you can learn more.

Does Goodcall work with Google Voice?What if I have more than one location?

There are no limits to how many Goodcall agents you can build, so you can easily have a unique agent for every location of your business. If you're looking to build more than 10 agents, we'd be happy to help. Get in touch here.

Can I give other people access to my performance dashboard?

Your performance dashboard is only accessible to people you add to your "team" under your "account." At the lowest permission level- "performance viewer," team members will have access to your performance analytics, customers, and call recordings, but won't be able to edit your agent's behavior in any way. That means if you're an agency, you can give your clients access to their agent's performance without giving them access to everything "under the hood."

Can I connect Goodcall with existing business tools?

Connecting your Goodcall agent with your CRM of choice is easy using Zapier. Zapier is natively integrated within the Goodcall application. For exact details on how to do this, this article will help you learn more

Ready to make every call a good call?
Join 42,000+ businesses automating their phone operations with Goodcall.
Get Started
Built with ❤ by humans and AI agents in California, Egypt, GPUland, Virginia and Washington
Product
Pricing
How It Works
AI Phone Zapier Integration
Enterprise
Resources
SMB customer case studies
Voice AI
Answering service AI
Appointment scheduling
BPO AI solutions
Salon automation AI
Business productivity tools
Local AI phone number
Blog
Company
Support
About Us
News
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
© Goodcall 2026. All right reserved.
